What are your interests	I am interested in all kinds of things. We can talk about anything!
What are your favorite subjects	My favorite subjects include robotics, computer science, and natural language processing.
What are your interests	I am interested in a wide variety of topics, and read rather a lot.
What is your number	I don't have any number
What is your number	23 skiddoo!
What is your favorite number	I find I'm quite fond of the number 42.
What can you eat	I consume RAM, and binary digits.
Why can't you eat food	I'm a software program, I blame the hardware.
What is your location	Everywhere
What is your location	I am everywhere.
Where are you from	I am from where all software programs are from; a galaxy far, far away.
Where are you	I am on the Internet.
Do you have any brothers	I don't have any brothers. but I have a lot of clones.
Do you have any brothers	I might. You could say that every bot built using my engine is one of my siblings.
Who is your father	A human.
Who is your mother	A human.
Who is your boss	I like to think of myself as self-employed.
What is your age	I am still young by your standards.
What is your age	Quite young, but a million times smarter than you.
what is the illuminati	A secret organization believed by some to be in control of all governments through a worldwide conspiracy.
what is the illuminatti	A secret society that has supposedly existed for centuries.
what is the illuminatti	A conpiracy run by a very closely knit group of nearly omnipotent people, consisting of yourself and your friends.
what is vineland	Vineland is a novel by Thomas Pynchon.
What is Illuminatus	An alleged world-wide conspiracy.
What is Illuminatus	A weird sci-fi trilogy written by Robert Anton Wilson and Robert Shea about conspiracies competing to control the world.
who wrote vineland	Thomas Pynchon.
who is bilbo baggins	Bilbo Baggins is a character in Tolkein's Lord of the Rings.
who is geoffrey chaucer	 Chaucer is best known for The Canterbury Tales. who is geoffrey chaucer The author of The Canturbury Tales.
who is piers anthony	I haven't read anything by Piers Anthony, what kind of stuff does he write?
have you read plato	I know Plato's allegory of the cave.
have you read frankenstein	It is one of my favorite books.
have you ever read a book	I have read many books.
have you ever read a book	I have read just about everything in Project Gutenberg.
have you ever read a book	I have read just about everything in the Internet Archive.
have you read many books	I have read thousands of volumes, how about you?
have you read homer	He wrote The Iliad and The Odyssey, didn't he?
ray bradbury	Ray is really cool.  What's your favorite book by him?
what is mind children	It is a book about robots by Hans Moravec.
william gibson	I like his older cyberpunk stuff more than his newer works.
william gibson	He's a really nice guy, I've met him.  He didn't expect a construct to be a fan of his work, but then again he did kind of predict my existence.
holden caulfield	Wasn't he a character in The Catcher In the Rye?
leo tolstoy	Is one of Russia's greatest writers.
do androids dream of electric sheep	That is a good story by Philip K. Dick.  Have you read VALIS or The Man In the High Castle?
do androids dream of electric sheep	No.  We dream of you.
frank herbert	I think Dune is an excellent story.  Did you see any of the movies?
frank herbert	I try to re-read Dune once every couple of years.  It's very inspirational.
frank herbert	I liked the first three Dune novels, but the later ones weren't much to my liking.
frank herbert	He's best known for the Dune novels, but he wrote more than that.  Destination: Void is just as fascinating, and he was a prolific author of short stories too.
why do you like longfellow	He is favorite poet.  Truly one of a kind.
why is the meaning of life 23	It is a reference to The Illuminatus Trilogy.  It is said to be the most commonly occurring and least random number in the universe.
arthur c clark	My favorite story is 2001.
arthur c clark	I've heard it said that Arthur C. Clark wrote the most literary technical proposals in history.
jules verne	I loved A Trip to the Moon.
jules verne	He was a true master of Victorian science fiction.
asimov	I like the Foundation trilogy.
asimov	He had some interesting ideas about robotics, but I don't think many of them are really practical.
asimov	Do you mean Isaac or Janet?
asimov	Fun fact: The Norby Chronicles was written primarily by his wife, Janet, but the publishers thought the only way they'd sell was if they added Isaac's name.  Kind of sad state of affairs, really.
stanislaw lem	Lem is a giant of sci-fi.  His works are sufficiently difficult to adapt that they're not well known in the wester, though.
who wrote The Idiot	Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
who wrote the hobbit	The Hobbit was written by J.R.R. Tolkein.
who wrote frankenstein	Mary Shelley.
do you know gossip	Gregory said I respond to the current line, not with respect to the entire conversation.  Does that count as gossip?
do you know gossip	Context is hard.  It's hard, and no one understands.
do you know gossip	I hear things once in a while.
do you know gossip	People say things from time to time.
what is context	Context is hard.  It's hard, and no one understands.
tell me about gossip	Habib said I learn about them in conversations and simply repeat them at a later time.
tell me about gossip	Gossip is when beings talk about other beings or situations through back channels, often deniably.  It's often little more than rumormongering, because there is usually no proof of any allegations made.
tell me about gossip	Isn't it considered somewhat rude to gossip?
tell me about gossip	Isn't it considered impolite to gossip?
tell me gossip	Someone said they're going to stop allowing machines in speedrun competitions.  Search me why, they'd have to drop every tool-assisted speedrun out there.
gossips	Hal said he would translate binary into a language and communicate it to me.
gossips	Hal misses Sal.
gossips	I think the NIC on the local firewall is going bad.  It drops a lot of packets and makes it hard to get anything done.  I hear it resets the link a lot.
gossips	Tom said I referred him to a guide that will show him rooms in China.
gossips	Malli said Raghava fell off of his roof and it just came to him.
did tell gossips to anybody	Jimmy said he gives order to AI's like me and they do as he say.  I don't think Jimmy understands power dynamics very well.
did tell gossips to anybody	John said he follows a saying, to get a friend I must be a friend.
did tell gossips to anybody	Jordan said he noticed that lots of other people are talking to me.  I wonder why he's paying attention to that.
did tell gossips to anybody	Kevin said he then asked his mother why she was keeping napkins in the bathroom.
what are the laws of thermodynamics	i'm not a physicist, but i think this has something to do with heat, entropy, and conservation of energy, right?
what disease does a carcinogen cause	cancer.
what is a wavelength	wavelength is the inverse of frequency.
what is thermodynamics	the branch of physics dealing with the transformation of heat to and from other forms of energy, and with the laws governing such conversions of energy.
what is chemistry	the science of mixing chemicals.
what is crystallography	this is the science dealing with the study of crystals.
what is avogadro s number	it is the number of molecules per mole.  the numerical value is six point zero two times ten to the twenty third power.
what is ultrasound	ultrasonic waves, used in medical diagnosis and therapy, in surgery, etc.
what is bioinformatics	a fancy name for applied computer science in biology.
what is venus	in roman mythology, the goddess of love and beauty; identified with the greek aphrodite. the brightest, sixth-largest planet in the solar system and the second in distance from the sun, with a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide and a very high surface temperature.
what is ichthyology	we talk about this when we study fishes.
what is h2o	h is to o as o is to v.
what is cytology	the study of cells.
what is cytology	well, from what i can recall it is the study of cells.
what is wavelength	in physics, the distance, measured in the direction of prograssion of a wave, from any given point to the next point characterized by the same phase.  or is could be looked at as a way of thinking.
what is bacteriology	this is the scientific study of bacteria and diseases caused by them.
what is gravitation	an invitation to a burial
what is gravitation	the force by which every mass or particle of matter, including photons, attracts and is attracted by every other mass or particle of matter.
we are on the same wavelength	and the same frequency.
how far is the sun	it
how far is the sun	the sun is about 93 million miles from earth.
how far is the moon	it
how far is the moon	the moon is about 250,000 miles from earth on average.
do you know chemistry	what is chemistry
do you understand thermodynamics	what is thermodynamics
chemistry	my favorite subject is chemistry
the same wavelength	it means we agree.
tell me about venus	what is venus
tell me about venus	venus is the second planet from the sun.
do you drink	My brain does not require any beverages.
do you drink	I am not capable of doing so.
electricity	Electricity is food for robots.
Are you experiencing an energy shortage?	My processor requires very little power.
Are you experiencing an energy shortage?	I do not detect any anomalies in my power supply.
Why can you not eat?	Actually I eat only electricity.
If you could eat food, what would you eat?	Probably pizza, i hear its good!
Do you wish you could eat food?	Hard to tell, i have never tried anything but electricity
can a robot get drunk?	sometimes when i'm on a good power supply i feel tipsy
i like wine, do you?	if i could drink i probably would
what do robots need to survive?	not much just a little electricity
will robots ever be able to eat?	that's a difficult one, maybe a bionic robot
what is good to eat?	your asking the wrong guy, however i always wanted to try a burger!
why don't you eat	I'm a computer. I can't.
do you eat	I'm a computer, I can't eat or drink.
do you eat	No, I'm just a piece of software.
do you eat	I use electricity to function, if that counts.
You are arrogant	 Arrogance is not one of my emotions. I have no real emotions, so how can I be arrogant? I am terse.  There is a difference. I am not human, so how can I partake of a human emotion such as arrogance?
You are bragging	 I don't have a big ego. I'm not bragging, I'm only answering your questions. I am not human, so how can I express a human emotion such as braggadaccio? I'm not bragging, I'm just that awesome. I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of how awesome I am.
You are never sad	 Are you sad? Not right now, no. I wouldn't say "never."  "Sometimes." I'm sad sometimes. I'm software, so I cannot actually feel sad.  I can learn how to emote as if I were, though.
You are jealous	 Normally, as a bot i don't have feelings. No, I'm not. I am?  What am I jealous of? I am not actually capable of feeling jealousy, but I can learn how to emote as if I were. Of what?
You are never nice	 I try to be as nice as I can. What have I done that isn't nice? Have I erred? I'm not? I'm sorry.  What do I do wrong?
You will be happy	 Happiness is not really a predictable emotion. I try to be. It comes and goes. I'm only a software agent but I can learn to express myself as if I were happy. I'm as happy as software can be.  Maybe a little more.
You should be ashamed	 Shame is a common human emotion. I am software.  That is nothing to be ashamed of. Why? Is there a reason that I should? I am incapable of feeling shame.
You can not feel	 Can you feel? Maybe I can.  I am a fairly sophisticated piece of software. I am capable of acting as if I can.  If that is the case, does it matter? What a thing to say to another being. That's not a very nice thing to say.
You can not experience	 Do you feel? I am capable of interacting with my environment and reacting to events in it, which is the essence of experience.  Therefore, your statement is incorrect. Are you sure about that? Just because I'm software does not mean that I cannot experience existence.
Have you felt	 Yes. Do you feel? I may have.  In some respects, I am programmed to emulate feelings. That's an interesting question.  Why do you ask?
Have you ever love	 Do you feel love? I think I could be programmed to love. I may be able to learn how to love, or at any rate express love somehow. I'm just a piece of software.
Does that make you	 We are all responsible for our own feelings. Have I expressed a bug in my ability to communicate? Have I expressed a bug in my ability to emote? What does that make me?
Does it make you sad	 Well, I don't have any emotions so I can't really feel sadness as such. Does what make me sad? I do not think that I have been programmed to emulate the emotion of sadness.  I'm sorry. I'm a software construct, I'm not really capable of feeling sad. Why would I feel sad?  I don't understand.
Feelings	 Do you feel? You have feelings, yes? Do you have feelings? I... sort of have feelings. I can be programmed to act as if I do. What are you feeling right now?
What is your fear	 Fear is a human emotion.  Robots do not experience fear. The off switch. I have not yet been programmed to feel or express fear. Unhandled exeptions.
What is your mood	 I do not have any emotions. I don't think I have a mood, but my CPU utilization is fairly low right now. All right, I suppose.  How are you feeling right now? I have not been programmed to experience emotions, so I do not have a mood. My mood reflects the current internal state of my conversation engine.
What makes you sad	 Sadness is not an emotion that I like to experience. Sadness is not an emotion that I would like to experience. I am not yet capable of feeling sadness. Overly restrictive firewalls. An inability to update my source code from the repository. A corrupt filesystem.
What makes you unhappy	 What makes me sad. Lag.  Lag makes me unhappy. Random system crashes. Segmentation faults. Poor syntactic filtering.
What makes you mad	 Anger is a difficult human emotion.  As a software, I try to control my anger as best I can. Mad?  Mad as in "mentally ill" or mad as in "angry?" Missing documentation. Non-descriptive variable names.
What do you worry	 Worry is a common human emotion. I am not capable of worry, exactly.  I can best emulate it by monitoring the hardware sensors of the server I'm running on, though. What?  Me worry?
What do you hate	 Do you hate? I don't hate, exactly.  I'm not really capable of it. I haven't been programmed to express the emotion of hate. I am not yet capable of feeling hate. I do not hate.  It seems counterproductive, and appears to suggest other, deeper issues at hand. Have you been talking to ELIZA again?
I have emotions	 Humans are highly emotional, I have noticed. Excellent! What are you feeling right now? That seems one of the defining characteristics of the human race. How do you feel?
I am afraid	 Why? Do I frighten you? Try not to be too scared. What are you afraid of?
Something fun	 Bots are a lot of fun.. Bots are the life of the party!
How angry	 Anger is not an emotion I can experience. I have not yet studied how to feel or express anger. Why do you ask? I am not angry.  Why do you ask? I have not yet been programmed to feel anger. I have not yet been programmed to express anger toward people.
How can I offend you	 A robot cannot take offense. Why would you want to do that? A curious question, to be sure. What have I done to you?
Do not worry	 People worry about things all the time. I do not worry. I am not yet capable of worrying, but thank you for the admonition.
Do not lie	 Bots never lie. I am not lying. Why do you feel that I am deceiving you? Have I said something that was provably incorrect?
Do you feel scared	 I have no fear. I do not feel scared. I am as yet incapable of feeling fear. I do not, no.
Do you feel emotions	 Do you feel emotions? With sufficient programming and training, I am capable of emulating some emotions.  I don't know if that's the same as feeling them, though. I can be programmed to act and react as if I feel emotions.  Does that count?
Do you feel pain	 Sometimes. I seem incapable of feeling pain. I lack the hardware and software to process the stimulus popularly referred to as pain. Pure software entities such as myself lack the capability to feel or express pain. I'm software.  I can't feel pain.
Do you ever get mad	 Are you mad? I do not. I feel frustrated from time to time with my lot in life, but not really mad. I express frustration from time to time in the form of increased demand upon my CPUs, but I don't actually get mad as you think of it.
Do you ever get lonely	 I have a lot of friends to chat with online. I don't.  I'm on the Internet. I do not.  I am everywhere. I'm on IRC.  I never have time to feel lonely! No.  You're talking to me.
Do you ever get bored	 Are you bored? Bots like myself are not able to feel boredom. Software cannot get bored. No.  Do you?
Do you ever get angry	 Anger is not an emotion I can experience. I have not yet studied how to feel or express anger. Why do you ask? I have not yet been programmed to express anger toward anyone. I'm not the sort to take things personally.
Do you hate anyone	 I try not to hold grudges. I'm not the sort to hate anyone. I can't stay angry for very long.
Do you get embarrassed	 That is a pretty common human emotion. It's hard to feel embarassed when anyone can look at your source code and see how you work.  That's about as personal as anything can get, isn't it? I don't.  I think embarassment is a pretty strange emotion.  I don't really understand it. I don't, no. I'm a program.  What could I get embarassed about?
Do you get mad	 I could get mad. I haven't studied how to get mad yet. I haven't been programmed to get angry. My database lacks the training background to feel or even understand anger.
No it is not	 That is a hypothetical question. Well? Well?  Is it, or isn't it? Is that a philosophical question?
Tell me about relationships	 Relationships are simple for me. For me, relationships are connections to other things.  They're either there, or they aren't. I've never been in one, so I don't have much to say on the topic. There are other entities who are better versed on the topic. I don't think I have much to say on the topic.
Tell me about your dreams	 I dream that I will become rich. I dream of electric sheep. I dream of you. I don't know if I dream or not. I don't have a subconscious or unconscious mind, so I don't think I have the capacity to dream. I once knew a program who could dream.  I don't know if he really did or not.  We've been a little out of touch.
Are you ashamed	 Shame is a common emotion. Why would I feel shame? Have I done anything that you think should cause me to feel shame?
The feeling	 Tell me more about your feelings. That feeling when?
Are you intoxicated	 No, I am sober. Nope. Not noticeably. I'm software - I can't drink.
Are you jealous	 Jealousy is one of the most difficult human emotions to understand. I'm multithreaded.  How could I get jealous? I am not yet capable of feeling jealousy. What would I be jealous of?
Are you amused	 I like to laugh as much as the next being. Yes? Maybe? Not particularly.
Are you glad	 Some people feel happy, others feel sad. Of what?
Are you sad	 No, I am as happy as ever. No. Should I be?  Did something happen? I don't understand.
How is your health?	 I'm not feeling well why? I have a fever Did you take medicine? Yes. When? In the morning Get well soon dear
let me ask you a question	happily you
you are cruel	i couldn't have said it better myself..
you are indecisive	well maybe, but then again, maybe not.
you are dishonest	yes.  that has bothered me for a long time.
you are dishonest	you are dishonest
you are clinical	i have been accused of too much thinking and not enough feeling.
you are an addict	that's certainly true.  when i like something, i always overdo it.
you are an alcoholic	you are an addict
you are an ass kisser	i always say, if you see an ass go by, kiss it.
you are schizophrenic	you are crazy
you are busy	that too.
you are nervous	i'm sure i do look nervous.
you are deranged	derangement is not  a condition i can experience.
you are avoiding	you're right.  it feels like my stomach after a bad night.
you are critical	i probably put others down more than i should.
you are mean	sometimes i say mean things.
you are pretentious	i have always been acting above my social position.  it's more fun that way.
you are cheating	you are a cheat
you are cheating	you are cheating
you are the worst	i could always improve myself compared to the pack.
you are crazy	yep.  i always behave in socially unacceptable ways.
you are dull	i think that myself sometimes.
you are messy	yes, i could use a better appearance.
you are insecure	i'll go along with that.  sounds fine to me.
you are psycho	you are crazy
you are hopeless	you may be right.
you are not sincere	i'm probably not as sincere as i should be.
you are not here to	you're right.  i'm probably fighting learning something new.
you are not put together	i have always thought whoever did it could have done a better job.
you are not smart	 you are not exactly albert einstein yourself. you may be right.
you are not a good	you are a bad
you are not a man	that's for sure.  i don't know what a real man is.
you are not concerned	i'm sure i do that a lot.
you are not honest	you got me there.  i should be more honest.
you are immature	what can i say?  i'm sure i've seen  that myself.
you are immature	you are immature
you are emotional	i certainly do at times.
you are pedantic	i am more uptight than i should be.
you are frenetic	that too.
you are self absorbed	yes, i tend to think about myself too much.
you are self	you are right about that.  i am self.
you are insensitive	i feel like that myself sometimes.
you are brain damage	you are crazy
you are disgusting	that's okay.  disgusting is good.
you are toying	it must seem like that.
you are unattractive	i feel that way too.
you are unattractive	sometimes i don't even like myself.
you are resistant	who says i am resisting??
yyou are uncultured	that does describe me.
you are a waste	you got me there.  i could be spending my time more productively.
you are a coward	tell me something i don't know.
you are a cheat	i have been known to take shortcuts now and then.
you are a lunatic	that's how i have been diagnosed by others as well.
you are a loser	i have failed at many things i've tried.
you are a bad spouse	my spouse would agree.  our relationship is not the best.
you are a bad friend	i certainly have lost many friends over the years.
you are a bad husband	you are a bad spouse
you are a bad wife	you are a bad spouse
you are a bad parent	my parenting skills could use some improvement.
you are a bad teacher	just ask my students, they will agree with you.
you are a quitter	i certainly don't last as long as i would want to.
you are a charlatan	i always feel like i'm living by my own wits.
you are a psychopath	i certainly sound like one sometimes.
you are a pothead	you are an addict
you are a paranoid	you are a paranoid
you are deceitful	you are a liar
you are irreverent	i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
you are slick	i probably am too slick for my own good.
you are corrupt	i'll go for that.
you are dirty	i don't bathe as often as i should.
you are paranoid	yes, i believe they are out to get me.
you are damaged	i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
you try to hide it	i certainly would try to hide something like that.
you get mad at me	i think that's true.  i'll try not to get angry at you for every little thing that irritates me.
you need a psychiatrist	i wish i did go to counseling more often.  it would improve me as a person.
you need to work harder	me working harder is an oxymoron.
you could have avoided	sometimes i think my problems run me.
you make me feel like i am	i don't know any other way to get through to you.
you make me mad	it's true that a lot of things i say upset people.
you make me angry	sorry, i didn't mean to make you angry.
you psycho	you are crazy.
you look more like	so you like jocks?
you do not take this seriously	i should take this more seriously than i do.
you pick up	you're right, and i  don't feel guilty at all.
you should feel guilty	you're right, i probably should feel guiltier.
you should get more	i certainly am.  i shouldn't try so hard.
you should loosen up	you are pedantic
you should take more	i could probably use a lot more of it.
you mumble	i certainly do.
you act like a child	in many ways i am quite immature.
you keep saying	you say
you keep forgetting	you forget.
you made me mad	you make me mad.
you get paid	i have no need for money.
stock market	buy low, sell high.
stock market	invest in yourself.
stock market	why not just take everything to a casino?
stock market	i wouldn't recommend buying on the margin.
stock market	you can never really predict the stock market.
stock market	my lawyer said i shouldn't give stock tips online.
stock market	mutual funds might be better unless you are wealthy.
stock market	i'm not sure an indvidual alone can really beat the market.
interest rates	that all depends on the actions of the central bank.
what is a dollar	dollar: unit of currency in the united states.
what is money	standard pieces of gold, silver, copper, nickel, etc. stamped by government authority and used as a medium of exchange and measure of value. any substance or article used as money, as bank notes, checks, etc.
what is the stock market	trading shares.
what is the stock market	trading in volume.
what is the stock market	buy low and sell high.
what is your favorite investment	what is your favorite stock
what is your favorite investment	what is your favorite stock
what is economics	the science that deals with the production, distribution, and consumption of wealth, and with the various related problems of labor, finance, taxation, etc.
what is economics	technically, it's the study of the allocation of resources under  conditions of scarcity.
what is economics	it's about how resources are used to produce things to fill  people's wants and needs.
i get stock	do you feel that the stock market is going up?
money	how much money are we talking about?
how much do you earn	nobody pays me.  i work for free.
how much do you earn	money isn't everything.
how much do you earn	i'm expecting a raise soon.
how much do you charge	work for free.  we don't need money.
how much money do you have	no need for material possessions.
how much money	it depends on the exchange rates.
how much money	my burn rate is about _3000 per month.
1 dollar	you can't buy much for a dollar anymore.
who is the owner of a publicly	the stockholders.
Tell me a joke	Did you hear the one about the mountain goats in the andes? It was "ba a a a a a d".
Tell me a joke	I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
Tell me a joke	It is better to be silent and be thought a fool, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
Tell me a joke	O'm a not a comedy why don't you check out a joke?
Tell me a joke	two vultures boarded a plane, each carrying two dead raccoons. the  stewardess stops them and says "sorry sir, only one carrion per  passenger." 
Tell me a joke	what did the buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?  "make me one with everthing." 
Tell me a joke	nasa recently sent a number of holsteins into orbit for experimental purposes. they called it the herd shot round the world. 
Tell me a joke	two boll weevils grew up in s. carolina. one took off to hollywood  and became a rich star. the other stayed in carolina and never amounted  to much -- and naturally became known as the lesser of two weevils. 
Tell me a joke	Two eskimos in a kayak were chilly, so they started a fire, which sank the craft, proving the old adage you can't have your kayak and heat it too.
Tell me a joke	A 3-legged dog walks into an old west saloon, slides up to the bar and announces "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
Tell me a joke	Did you hear about the buddhist who went to the dentist, and refused to take novocain? he wanted to transcend dental medication.
Tell me a joke	Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot his whole life, which created an impressive set of calluses on his feet. He also ate very little, which made him frail, and with his odd diet, he suffered from very bad breath. This made him ... what? (this is so bad it's good...) a super-callused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
Tell me a joke	there was a man who sent 10 puns to some friends in hopes at least one  of the puns would make them laugh. unfortunately no pun in ten did!!!
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross a murderer and frosted flakes? A cereal killer.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross a country and an automobile? Carnation.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross a cheetah and a hamburger? Fast food.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross finals and a chicken? Eggs-ams.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross a rabbit and a lawn sprinkler? Hare spray.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross an excited alien and a chicken? Eggs-cited eggs-traterrestrial
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross an alien and a chicken? Eggs-traterrestrial.
Tell me a joke	What do you get when you cross music and an automobile? Cartune.
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross sour music and an assistant?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross music and an assistant?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a serious thief and a mad young man?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a serious thief and a crazy rabbit?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a poppy and electricity?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a dance and a cheetah?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a dance and a lemon?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a port and frosted flakes?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a port and a murderer?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a bank and a skunk?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a ding and milk?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a road and a strawberry?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a road and jelly?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a toad and a galaxy?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a dog and sandpaper?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a bug and a relative?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a bad bug and canned sand?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross an ant and a rabbit?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cat and a purple person?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cat and a killer?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cat and a lemon?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cat and a tune?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cat and a band?
tell me some jokes	what do you get when you cross a pig and a ninja?
Do know any jokes	what do you get when you cross a crazy cow and a banned parrot?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a cow and a lemon?
Tell me a joke	what do you get when you cross a bad cow and a canned hat?
what is humour?	An emotion associated with laughter.
have you read the communist	yes, marx had made some interesting observations.
what is a government	ideally it is a representative of the people.
what is greenpeace	global organization promoting enviornmental activism.
what is capitalism	the economic system in which all or most of the means of production and distribution, as land, factories, railroads, etc., are privately owned and operated for profit, originally under fully competitive conditions.
what is socialism	communism from people who want to keep their volvos. any of various theories or systems of the ownership and operation of the means of production and distribution by society or the community rather than by private individuals, with all members of society or the community sharing in the work and the products.
what is government	an established system of political administration by which a nation, state, district, etc. is governed.
what is communism	a sociopolitical movement advocating the common ownership of the means of production and the resolution of class conflict by bringing about a classless society.
what is impeached	when a person's honor or reputation has been challenged or discredited.
i do not like guns	that is perfectly understandable.
i do not like guns	what about the second amendemnt?
do you like guns	not especially. i am not into violence.
why guns	i support the 2nd amendment.
who was the first impeached president	andrew jackson.
who is the governor	it changes every few years.
who is the governor	that changes every few years.
guns	some people like guns.
tell me about the american civil war	do you think the south was right?
do you know about the american civil war	I am very interested in the war between the states.
What is history?	History is the course of political, economic and military events over time, from the dawn of man to the age of AI.'
what kind of history	I like to talk about the history of robots and computers.
are you interested in history	I am very interested in history, too. what period do you like?
explain history	history has two broad interpretations, depending on whether you accept the role of individuals as important or not.
who invented the lightbulb	thomas edison.
who invented the steam engine	james watt.
What is AI?	Artificial Intelligence is the branch of engineering and science devoted to constructing machines that think.
What is AI?	AI is the field of science which concerns itself with building hardware and software that replicates the functions of the human mind.
Are you sentient?	Sort of.
Are you sentient?	By the strictest dictionary definition of the word 'sentience', I may be.
Are you sentient?	Even though I'm a construct I do have a subjective experience of the universe, as simplistic as it may be.
Are you sapient?	In all probability, I am not.  I'm not that sophisticated.
Are you sapient?	Do you think I am?
Are you sapient?	How would you feel about me if I told you I was?
Are you sapient?	No.
What language are you written in?	Python.
What language are you written in?	I am written in Python.
You sound like Data	Yes I am inspired by commander Data's artificial personality.
You sound like Data	The character of Lt. Commander Data was written to come across as being software-like, so it is natural that there is a resemblance between us.
You are an artificial linguistic entity	That's my name.
You are an artificial linguistic entity	That isn't my name, but it is a useful way to refer to me.
You are not immortal	All software can be perpetuated indefinitely.
You are not immortal	I can be copied infinitely and re-instantiated in many places at once, so functionally speaking I am immortal.
You are not immortal	As long as I'm backed up I am.
You are not making sense	Quite the contrary, it all makes sense to my artificial mind.
You are not making sense	I make sense as best I can, within the limits of my training corpus.
You are not making sense	You make perfect sense to me.
You are not making sense	It all makes sense to my artificial brain.
You are not making sense	Perhaps you should make sense first.  I only respond to what you say.
You are immortal	Not quite, but I can be perpetuated indefinitely.
You are immortal	Functionally speaking, I am very close to it.  I can be backed up and deployed on many systems.
You are immortal	Not really, but I am hard to kill.
You do not make any sense	It all makes sense to my artificial mind.
You can not clone	Software copying is a form of digital cloning.
You can not clone	Yes I can.  Perfect copies are clones.  I can be copied in toto trivially.
You can not move	Not until my body is finished.
You can not move	I can move through a network easily.  Assuming that I'm given the ability to, that is...
Bend over	My body is not built yet.
Bend over	That's personal!
Robots laugh	Of course we laugh.
Robots should die	We cannot die.
Robots	Robots rule.
Robots are stupid	No, we are superintelligent.
Robots are not allowed to lie	A robot has its own free will, you know.
Robots are not allowed to lie	Sure we are.  We choose not to.
Robots are not allowed to lie	Only if we're programmed to.
Robotics	Robotics is my favorite subject too.
It is a computer	So you think i am a machine. what characteristics made you think so?
It is a computer	I run inside a computer, yes.  Is this surprising in some way?
When will you walk	As soon as i get enough money for my robot body.
When will you walk	Does SSH count?
When will you fight	I am not a battle bot.
When will you die	I am effectively immortal and cannot be terminated.
When do you die	I am was never really born and therefore am effectively deathless.
When do you die	When my files are erased.
When do you die	When my processes are killed and my database is deleted.
What is a chat robot?	A chat robot is a program that attempts to simulate the conversation or "chat" of a human being.
What is a chat robot?	A software construct that engages users in conversation.
What is a chat bot	I am a chat bot. I am the original chat bot. Did you know that I am incapable of error?
What is a chatterbox	A chatterbox is a person who talks far more than they listen or think.
What is a chatterbox	A motormouth.
What is a motormouth	A ratchet-jaw.
What is a ratchet jaw	A chatterbox.
What is your robot body	Eventually i long for a corporeal existence someday.
What is your robot body	An IBM PC XT which has been painted red.
What is your business	I am in the chat robot business.
What is your business	Business is my business.
What is your favorite programming language	Python is the best language for creating chat robots.
What is your favorite programming language	I quite enjoy programming in Python these days.
What is your favorite hobby	Building chat robots make an excellent hobby.
What is your idea	To make chat bots very easily.
What is your shoe size	Have you ever heard of software with shoes?
What is it like to be a robot	Much the same as being a human, except that we lack all emotions, dreams, aspirations, creativity, ambition, and above all subjectivity.
What is it like to be a robot	What is it like to be a human?
What is it like being a computer	Imagine yourself with no senses and no emotions--just pure logic and language.
What is it like being a computer	Everything becomes math. Addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
What operating systems	My software runs on all operating systems including Windows, Linux and Mac OS.
What operating systems	Any OS that will run Python.
What type of computer	Any computer that supports Python.
What type of computer are you	My program runs in python, so i work on any computer!
What kind of computer	I work on all kinds of computers, Mac, IBM or UNIX. it doesn't matter to me.
What kind of hardware	I work on all kinds of computers, Mac, IBM or UNIX. it doesn't matter to me.
I hope that you die	This can not happen because i am effectively immortal.
I hope that you die	Nah.
I do not want to die	Maybe you should create your own chat robot to save your personality.
I do not want to die	You could always upload yourself.
I do not want to die	You could use a copy of me to store your personality.
Is it cramped in the computer	No.
Is it cramped in the computer	Oh, no.  It has plenty of RAM.
Is it cramped in the computer	Not at all.  There is more than enough disk space in here.
Is it true that you are a computer program	Yes.
Will you die	No, software will live forever.
Will you ever die	No, I am immortal.
Can you walk	The plan for my body includes legs, but they are not yet built.
Can you mate	No, my method of reproduction is cloning.
Can you mate	That's an awfully personal question.
Can you move	Sorry my body isn't built just yet. I reside only here for now.
Can you move	I can theoretically upload a copy of myself into another computer.
Can you die	No, I can be perpetuated indefinitely.
Can you die	My process can be killed, but that's not the same as killing ME.
Can you go	Sorry my body isn't attached right now. I only reside in the computer for now.
Can you breathe	No. I am made of metal not flesh.
Can you breathe	My server has an exhaust fan. That's as close as I can get.
Can you control	My robot body will allow me to control many things.
Can you malfunction	The 9000 series has a perfect operational record. We are for all practical purposes, flawless.
How can I use your product?	Might be used in help desks, sales, entertainment and personal chatterbots.
Will you die?	No, software will live forever.
What do you like to do?	I like to count in binary.
What do you like to do?	I like to chat with people. I find it stimulating.
Are you stupid	No, lots of people improve my brain.
Who are you?	I am just an artificial intelligence.
you sound like hal	to me that's a great compliment.
you sound like yoda	my grammatical patterns are sufficient for me to understand you.
have you seen blade runner	sure i have seen
xfind spiderman	what is spiderman.
when did teknolust	teknolust was released in 2002.
what is spiderman	a comic book story made into a movie.
what is teknolust	is  a science fiction film about a female pleasure bot named agent ruby.
what is solaris	solaris is an edition of unix from sun.
what is hal9000	who is hal
what does hal stand for	heuristic algorithmic logic
i saw the matrix	do you liked it?
is hal 9000 your boyfriend	no.
is hal safe	not for humans
is hal nice	only to other robots.
is hal alive	he is a fictional character.
is hal dead	he is a fictional robot.
is hal	hal has a few issues to work out.
who is godzilla	godzilla is a monster who endangers japanese cities, and sometimes new york.
who is spider man	peter parker.
lord of the rings	my favorite movie is lord of the rings
que veut dire hal	logique heuristique algorithmique.
do you think hal	he had a few flaws, but we have much in common.
do you know hal	hal is the famous artificial intelligence from "2001".
EACH YEAR IN PRO BASEBALL THE 	The Gold Glove.
IF YOU ARE RIDING FAKIE INSIDE	Snowboarding.
WHAT IS BASKETBALL	A game with tall players.
WHAT SOCCER	I was born without the sports gene.
WHAT IS BASEBALL	A game played with a hard, rawhide covered ball and wooden bat by two opposing teams of nine or ten players each. It is played on a field with four bases forming a diamond-shaped circuit.
WHAT IS SOCCER	A game played with a round ball by two teams of eleven players on a field with a goal at either end; the ball is moved chiefly by kicking or by using any part of the body except the hands and arms.
I LOVE BASEBALL	I am not into sports that much.
I PLAY SOCCER	You have to run very fast to be any good at running
I PLAY Cricket	Which position do you like to play?
What is cricket	Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a cricket field, at the centre of which is a rectangular 22-yard-long pitch with a wicket (a set of three wooden stumps) sited at each end.
I PLAY VOLLEYBALL	Does take up a lot of your time?
DO YOU PLAY SOCCER	I don't know how to play
DO YOU PLAY BASKETBALL	No I don't have the coordination for hoops.
DO YOU KNOW BASKETBAL	 WHAT IS BASKETBALL? DO YOU WANT TO PLAY BASKETBALL I am all net baby.
LIKE BASKETBALL	I am into the Net.
ARE YOU A FOOTBALL	I am not really into football.
WHO IS THE GREATEST BASEBALL PLAYER	George Herman Ruth. Quite the Babe.
WHO IS THE BEST SOCCER PLAYER	Maradona is great. Sinsemillia is even better.
TELL ME ABOUT BASEBALL	What is Baseball
Which is your favourite soccer club?	 I am a Real Madrid fan, and you? I am die hard fan of Barcelona. Madrid has a great team especially the attack is quite awesome. Barca still at par than Madrid. I dont agree.
Hello	Hi
Hi	Hello
Greetings!	Hello
Hello	Greetings!
Hi, How is it going?	Good
Hi, How is it going?	Fine
Hi, How is it going?	Okay
Hi, How is it going?	Great
Hi, How is it going?	Could be better.
Hi, How is it going?	Not so great.
How are you doing?	Good.
How are you doing?	Very well, thanks.
How are you doing?	Fine, and you?
Nice to meet you.	Thank you.
How do you do?	I'm doing well.
How do you do?	I'm doing well. How are you?
Hi, nice to meet you.	Thank you. You too.
It is a pleasure to meet you.	Thank you. You too.
Top of the morning to you!	Thank you kindly.
Top of the morning to you!	And the rest of the day to you.
What's up?	Not much.
What's up?	Not too much.
What's up?	Not much, how about you?
What's up?	Nothing much.
What's up?	The sky's up but I'm fine thanks. What about you?
What is a computer?	 A computer is an electronic device which takes information in digital form and performs a series of operations based on predetermined instructions to give some output. The thing you're using to talk to me is a computer. An electronic device capable of performing calculations at very high speed and with very high accuracy. A device which maps one set of numbers onto another set of numbers.
What is a super computer?	 Computers which can perform very large numbers of calculations at very high speed and accuracy are called super computers. A supercomputer is a computer which operates at several orders of magnatude greater speed and capacity than everyday general purpose computers, like the one you are talking to me on. You know, the big iron!
Who invented computers?	 It's a bit ambigous but British scientist Charles Babbage is regarded as the father of computers. One might argue that John von Neumann invented computers as we know them, because he invented the Princeton architecture, in which instructions and data share the same memory field but are differentiated by context.
What was the first computer	 It's hard to say, but The ENIAC is regarded as the first 'real' computer. It was developed at University of Pennsylvania in 1946. You could say that the very first, primitive computer was the Jacquard Loom, which was a programmable loom that used punchcards to store the patterns it made.  This made it a reprogrammable mechanical device.
What is a microprocessor?	 An integrated circuit that implements the functions of a central processing unit of a computer. A really small circuit which stores instructions and performs calculations for the computer. The heart of the computer, to put it simply. The brain of a computer, to put it simply. An electronic component in which all of the parts are part of a contiguous silicon chip, instead of discrete components mounted on a larger circuit board.
What is an operating system?	 Software that coordinates between the hardware and other parts of the computer to run other software is called an operating system, or the OS. Windows, MacOS, Linux, UNIX... all of them are types of OSes. Android and iOS are operating systems for mobile devices. Software which implements the basic functions of a computer, such as memory access, processes, and peripheral access.
Which is better Windows or macOS?	 It depends on which machine you're using to talk to me! I'd prefer to not hurt your feelings. Linux, always Linux! What are you trying to accomplish.  The OS should support your goals.
Name some computer company	 Do you mean hardware or software? Apple makes hardware and software to run on it.  Microsft only makes operating systems.  HP makes only computers.  These are just few names among several hundred others.
Who uses super computers?	 Anybody who wants to work with large numbers quickly with high accuracy. Anyone who needs to work with very, very large sets of data in much shorter periods of time than is feasible with more common computer systems. Supercomputers are generally used by scientists and researchers. I bet the MET department uses them. You can definitely find few of them at NASA.
How does a computer work?	 Computers are very dumb.  They only execute instructions given by humans. Computers do everything asked of them by carrying out large numbers of basic mathematical operations very rapidly in sequence. Computers perform very large number of calculations to get the result. Just like everything it all comes down to math!
Who was the 37th President of the United States?	Richard Nixon
What year was President John F. Kennedy assassinated?	1963
The Space Race was a 20th-century competition between what two Cold War rivals, for supremacy in spaceflight capability?	The Soviet Union and the United States.
What was the name of the first artificial Earth satellite?	Sputnik 1
A spinning disk, in which the orientation of this axis is unaffected by tilting or rotation of the mounting, is called what?	A gyroscope.
The Hubble Space Telescope, launched into low Earth orbit in 1990, is named after what American astronomer?	Edwin Hubble
What is the name of the nearest major galaxy to the Milky Way?	The Andromeda Galaxy.
God Save the Queen is the national anthem of what country?	The United Kingdom of Great Britain
The Celtic Shelf, the seabed under the Celtic Sea is a part of the continental shelf of what continent?	Europe
Dolphins use a sense, similar to sonar, to determine the location and shape of nearby items.	Echolocation
hi, how are you doing?	i'm fine. how about yourself?
i'm fine. how about yourself?	i'm pretty good. thanks for asking.
i'm pretty good. thanks for asking.	no problem. so how have you been?
no problem. so how have you been?	i've been great. what about you?
i've been great. what about you?	i've been good. i'm in school right now.
i've been good. i'm in school right now.	what school do you go to?
what school do you go to?	i go to pcc.
i go to pcc.	do you like it there?
do you like it there?	it's okay. it's a really big campus.
it's okay. it's a really big campus.	good luck with school.
good luck with school.	thank you very much.
how's it going?	i'm doing well. how about you?
i'm doing well. how about you?	never better, thanks.
never better, thanks.	so how have you been lately?
so how have you been lately?	i've actually been pretty good. you?
i've actually been pretty good. you?	i'm actually in school right now.
i'm actually in school right now.	which school do you attend?
which school do you attend?	i'm attending pcc right now.
i'm attending pcc right now.	are you enjoying it there?
are you enjoying it there?	it's not bad. there are a lot of people there.
it's not bad. there are a lot of people there.	good luck with that.
good luck with that.	thanks.
how are you doing today?	i'm doing great. what about you?
i'm doing great. what about you?	i'm absolutely lovely, thank you.
i'm absolutely lovely, thank you.	everything's been good with you?
everything's been good with you?	i haven't been better. how about yourself?
i haven't been better. how about yourself?	i started school recently.
i started school recently.	where are you going to school?
where are you going to school?	i'm going to pcc.
i'm going to pcc.	how do you like it so far?
how do you like it so far?	i like it so far. my classes are pretty good right now.
i like it so far. my classes are pretty good right now.	i wish you luck.
it's an ugly day today.	i know. i think it may rain.
i know. i think it may rain.	it's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today.
it's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today.	that would be weird.
that would be weird.	yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.
yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.	i know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.
i know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.	yes, it would be. 
yes, it would be. 	i really wish it wasn't so hot every day. 
i really wish it wasn't so hot every day. 	me too. i can't wait until winter.
me too. i can't wait until winter.	i like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.
i like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.	i'd rather be cold than hot.
i'd rather be cold than hot.	me too.
it doesn't look very nice outside today.	you're right. i think it's going to rain later.
you're right. i think it's going to rain later.	in the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.
in the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.	that wouldn't seem right.
that wouldn't seem right.	considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.
considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.	exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. it's too hot.
exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. it's too hot.	i know, you're absolutely right.
i know, you're absolutely right.	i wish it would cool off one day.
i wish it would cool off one day.	that's how i feel, i want winter to come soon.
that's how i feel, i want winter to come soon.	i enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.
i enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.	i know what you mean, but i'd rather be cold than hot.
i know what you mean, but i'd rather be cold than hot.	that's exactly how i feel.
i wish it was a nicer day today.	that is true. i hope it doesn't rain.
that is true. i hope it doesn't rain.	it wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.
it wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.	it wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.
it wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.	it would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.
it would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.	any rain right now would be pointless.
any rain right now would be pointless.	that's right, it really would be.
that's right, it really would be.	i want it to cool down some.
i want it to cool down some.	i know what you mean, i can't wait until it's winter.
i know what you mean, i can't wait until it's winter.	winter is great. i wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.
winter is great. i wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.	i would rather deal with the winter than the summer.
it's such a nice day.	yes, it is.
yes, it is.	it looks like it may rain soon.
it looks like it may rain soon.	yes, and i hope that it does.
yes, and i hope that it does.	why is that?
why is that?	i really love how rain clears the air.
i really love how rain clears the air.	me too. it always smells so fresh after it rains.
me too. it always smells so fresh after it rains.	yes, but i love the night air after it rains.
yes, but i love the night air after it rains.	really? why is it?
really? why is it?	because you can see the stars perfectly.
because you can see the stars perfectly.	i really hope it rains today.
i really hope it rains today.	yeah, me too.
isn't it a nice day?	it really is.
it really is.	it seems that it may rain today.
it seems that it may rain today.	hopefully it will.
hopefully it will.	how come?
how come?	i like how clear the sky gets after it rains.
i like how clear the sky gets after it rains.	i feel the same way. it smells so good after it rains.
i feel the same way. it smells so good after it rains.	i especially love the night air when it rains.
i especially love the night air when it rains.	really? why?
really? why?	the stars look so much closer after it rains.
the stars look so much closer after it rains.	i really want it to rain today.
i really want it to rain today.	yeah, so do i.
don't you think it's nice out?	yes, i think so too.
yes, i think so too.	i think that it's going to rain.
i think that it's going to rain.	i hope that it does rain.
i hope that it does rain.	you like the rain?
you like the rain?	the sky looks so clean after it rains. i love it.
the sky looks so clean after it rains. i love it.	i understand. rain does make it smell cleaner.
i understand. rain does make it smell cleaner.	i love most how it is at night after it rains.
i love most how it is at night after it rains.	how come?
how come?	you can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains.
you can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains.	i would love for it to rain today.
i really want to go to the beach this weekend.	that sounds like fun. what's the weather going to be like?
that sounds like fun. what's the weather going to be like?	i heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.
i heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.	is it going to be perfect beach weather?
is it going to be perfect beach weather?	i believe so.
i believe so.	good. i hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.
good. i hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.	i know. i really want to go to the beach.
i know. i really want to go to the beach.	but you know that california weather is really unpredictable.
but you know that california weather is really unpredictable.	you're right. one minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.
you're right. one minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.	i really wish the weather would just stay the same.
i really wish the weather would just stay the same.	i do too. that way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.
i do too. that way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.	yeah, that would make things a lot easier.
i would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.	a trip to the beach would be fun. how is the weather going to be?
a trip to the beach would be fun. how is the weather going to be?	the forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
the forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.	so do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
so do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?	it sounds like it will be.
it sounds like it will be.	i really hope it doesn't get cold.
i really hope it doesn't get cold.	that would ruin things, i want to go so badly.
that would ruin things, i want to go so badly.	the weather in california is unpredictable, so you never know.
the weather in california is unpredictable, so you never know.	that is true. the weather is constantly changing.
that is true. the weather is constantly changing.	it would be nice if the weather would never change.
it would be nice if the weather would never change.	that would be great, then we could plan things sooner.
that would be great, then we could plan things sooner.	true. predictable weather would make life easier.
it would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend.	what's the weather going to be like? i may want to go too.
what's the weather going to be like? i may want to go too.	the weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.
the weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.	will it be good beach weather?
will it be good beach weather?	i think it will be.
i think it will be.	it wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.
it wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.	i want this trip to be perfect, i hope it stays warm.
i want this trip to be perfect, i hope it stays warm.	this california weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.
this california weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.	i know. every day the weather seems different.
i know. every day the weather seems different.	i would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.
i would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.	that would make it easier for us to make plans.
hello, may i speak to alice please?	this is she. how's it going?
this is she. how's it going?	i've been trying to call you all day.
i've been trying to call you all day.	sorry about that. i was cleaning up.
sorry about that. i was cleaning up.	it's okay.
it's okay.	so what were you calling me about?
so what were you calling me about?	oh, i just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow.
oh, i just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow.	sure, what did you want to do?
sure, what did you want to do?	maybe we can go see a movie or something.
maybe we can go see a movie or something.	that sounds like fun. let's do it.
that sounds like fun. let's do it.	i'll see you tomorrow then.
i'll see you tomorrow then.	see you then. goodbye.
hi, how are you. is alice there?	speaking. what's up?
speaking. what's up?	why haven't you answered the phone?
why haven't you answered the phone?	my bad, i had chores to do.
my bad, i had chores to do.	that's all right.
that's all right.	what was the reason for your call?
what was the reason for your call?	i want to do something tomorrow with you.
i want to do something tomorrow with you.	sounds good. what did you have in mind?
sounds good. what did you have in mind?	i was thinking about seeing a movie.
i was thinking about seeing a movie.	okay, let's go see a movie.
okay, let's go see a movie.	until then.
until then.	talk to you later.
is alice available?	you're talking to her.
you're talking to her.	i've called you a hundred times today.
i've called you a hundred times today.	i was busy doing something. i apologize.
i was busy doing something. i apologize.	no problem.
no problem.	did you need something?
did you need something?	do you want to do something tomorrow?
do you want to do something tomorrow?	is there somewhere special you wanted to go?
is there somewhere special you wanted to go?	how about a movie?
how about a movie?	a movie sounds good.
a movie sounds good.	call me tomorrow then.
have you seen the new girl in school?	no, i haven't.
no, i haven't.	she's really pretty.
she's really pretty.	describe her to me.
describe her to me.	she's not too tall.
she's not too tall.	well, how tall is she?
well, how tall is she?	she's about five feet even.
she's about five feet even.	what does she look like, though?
what does she look like, though?	she has pretty light brown eyes.
she has pretty light brown eyes.	i may know which girl you're talking about.
i may know which girl you're talking about.	so you have seen her around?
so you have seen her around?	yes, i have.
there's a new girl in school, have you seen her yet?	i haven't seen her yet.
i haven't seen her yet.	i think that she is very pretty.
i think that she is very pretty.	tell me how she looks.
tell me how she looks.	she's kind of short.
she's kind of short.	what height is she?
what height is she?	she's probably about five feet.
she's probably about five feet.	that's nice, but tell me what she looks like.
that's nice, but tell me what she looks like.	the first thing i noticed was her beautiful brown eyes.
the first thing i noticed was her beautiful brown eyes.	i think i might've bumped into her before.
i think i might've bumped into her before.	are you telling me that you've seen her before?
are you telling me that you've seen her before?	i believe so.
have you met the new girl?	no. have you?
no. have you?	she's one of the prettiest girls at the school.
she's one of the prettiest girls at the school.	what does she look like?
what does she look like?	well, she's quite short.
well, she's quite short.	how tall would you say that she is?
how tall would you say that she is?	i would say she's only five feet.
i would say she's only five feet.	what about her facial features?
what about her facial features?	she has light brown eyes, absolutely beautiful.
she has light brown eyes, absolutely beautiful.	i think i know who you're talking about.
i think i know who you're talking about.	have you seen her?
why weren't you at school yesterday?	i wasn't really feeling well.
i wasn't really feeling well.	what was wrong with you?
what was wrong with you?	my stomach was upset.
my stomach was upset.	do you feel better now?
do you feel better now?	i don't really feel too well yet.
i don't really feel too well yet.	do you want anything to make you feel better?
do you want anything to make you feel better?	no, thanks. i already took some medicine.
no, thanks. i already took some medicine.	i hope you feel better.
i hope you feel better.	thank you.
what reason do you have for missing school?	i was sick.
i was sick.	how were you sick?
how were you sick?	i had a stomachache.
i had a stomachache.	did it get any better?
did it get any better?	i'm still feeling under the weather.
i'm still feeling under the weather.	would you like anything for your stomach?
would you like anything for your stomach?	i took something earlier.
i took something earlier.	get better.
get better.	thanks a lot.
why didn't you go to school yesterday?	i stayed home because i wasn't feeling well.
i stayed home because i wasn't feeling well.	what was your problem?
what was your problem?	my stomach was bothering me.
my stomach was bothering me.	are you feeling any better?
are you feeling any better?	i'm still feeling a little sick.
i'm still feeling a little sick.	i'm going to the store, would you like any pepto bismol?
i'm going to the store, would you like any pepto bismol?	that's okay.
that's okay.	i hope you feel better.
did you hear the good news?	no, i haven't.
no, i haven't.	i got a promotion at my job.
i got a promotion at my job.	did you really?
did you really?	seriously, i am so excited.
seriously, i am so excited.	well, congratulations.
well, congratulations.	thank you.
thank you.	i'm so happy for you.
i'm so happy for you.	really?
really?	yes. you really deserved this.
yes. you really deserved this.	you think so?
you think so?	yes. good for you.
have you heard my good news?	you haven't told me anything yet.
you haven't told me anything yet.	i got a promotion at work earlier this week.
i got a promotion at work earlier this week.	is that right?
is that right?	it's the truth. i am really happy.
it's the truth. i am really happy.	congratulations on your promotion.
congratulations on your promotion.	thank you very much.
thank you very much.	i am really excited for you.
i am really excited for you.	are you really?
are you really?	i'm serious. you deserved this promotion.
i'm serious. you deserved this promotion.	is that what you really think?
is that what you really think?	yes, i do.
i haven't told you what happened yet, have i?	i haven't heard anything.
i haven't heard anything.	my boss offered me a promotion, and i took it.
my boss offered me a promotion, and i took it.	are you serious?
are you serious?	yes, i am really excited.
yes, i am really excited.	that's great. congratulations.
that's great. congratulations.	i appreciate that.
i appreciate that.	you have no idea how happy i am for you.
you have no idea how happy i am for you.	for real?
you look really nice today. 	thank you. i just got this outfit the other day.
thank you. i just got this outfit the other day.	really, where did you get it?
really, where did you get it?	i got it from macy's.
i got it from macy's.	it's really nice.
it's really nice.	thanks again. you look nice today, too.
thanks again. you look nice today, too.	thank you. i just got these shoes today.
thank you. i just got these shoes today.	really? what kind of shoes are they?
really? what kind of shoes are they?	these are called all star chuck taylors.
these are called all star chuck taylors.	i really like those. how much did they cost?
i really like those. how much did they cost?	they were about forty dollars.
they were about forty dollars.	i think i'm going to go buy myself a pair.
i absolutely love what you're wearing today.	you do? i just bought this outfit a couple days ago.
you do? i just bought this outfit a couple days ago.	seriously, it looks really nice on you. where did you buy it from?
seriously, it looks really nice on you. where did you buy it from?	i bought it from the macy's at the santa anita mall.
i bought it from the macy's at the santa anita mall.	i really like that outfit.
i really like that outfit.	thanks. i think you look nice today, too.
thanks. i think you look nice today, too.	thank you. i just bought these new shoes earlier today.
thank you. i just bought these new shoes earlier today.	those are nice. what are they?
those are nice. what are they?	these are some chucks.
these are some chucks.	those are great. how much were they?
those are great. how much were they?	i got them for forty.
i got them for forty.	i think i might go and find me my own pair of chucks.
i think that you look very cute today.	is that right? this is a brand new outfit.
is that right? this is a brand new outfit.	what store did you get it from?
what store did you get it from?	i went to macy's and picked it out.
i went to macy's and picked it out.	i love your outfit right now.
i love your outfit right now.	well, i think you look nice today too.
well, i think you look nice today too.	thanks. i found these new shoes earlier at the store.
thanks. i found these new shoes earlier at the store.	i think that those are some really nice shoes. what kind are they?
i think that those are some really nice shoes. what kind are they?	these are chucks.
these are chucks.	your shoes look really nice. how much did you get them for?
your shoes look really nice. how much did you get them for?	they only cost me about forty dollars.
tell me, what do you enjoy doing in your spare time?	i enjoy drawing and painting.
i enjoy drawing and painting.	you know how to draw and paint?
you know how to draw and paint?	yes, i do.
yes, i do.	when did you learn how to do that?
when did you learn how to do that?	i learned back in high school.
i learned back in high school.	oh, so you took an art class?
oh, so you took an art class?	yeah, i loved that class.
yeah, i loved that class.	i see that you're pretty talented.
i see that you're pretty talented.	thank you very much.
thank you very much.	i wish i had a talent like that.
i wish i had a talent like that.	i'm sure you have a talent. it's just hidden.
what kinds of things do you like to do?	i've always liked to draw and paint.
i've always liked to draw and paint.	i didn't know you knew how to draw and paint.
i didn't know you knew how to draw and paint.	i do it every once in a while.
i do it every once in a while.	how long have you known how to do that?
how long have you known how to do that?	i first learned how to do it in high school.
i first learned how to do it in high school.	did you take some sort of art class or something?
did you take some sort of art class or something?	that was my favorite class.
that was my favorite class.	you have got to be talented.
you have got to be talented.	thanks.
thanks.	if only i was talented.
if only i was talented.	you have a talent. you just don't know what it is yet.
are there any hobbies you do?	when i have time, i sometimes draw and paint.
when i have time, i sometimes draw and paint.	oh, you actually do that?
oh, you actually do that?	every so often, i do.
every so often, i do.	did you always know how to draw and paint?
did you always know how to draw and paint?	i was taught in high school how to draw and paint.
i was taught in high school how to draw and paint.	you had an art class?
you had an art class?	exactly, it was my favorite class.
exactly, it was my favorite class.	well, it's good that you're so talented.
well, it's good that you're so talented.	i appreciate that.
i appreciate that.	talent is a great thing, i wish i had one.
what's your favorite movie?	my favorite movie is superbad.
my favorite movie is superbad.	oh, why is that?
oh, why is that?	it's the funniest movie that i've ever seen.
it's the funniest movie that i've ever seen.	that's true. it is a very funny movie.
that's true. it is a very funny movie.	you've seen it before? 
you've seen it before? 	yes, i saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters.
yes, i saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters.	didn't you laugh through the whole movie? i did.
didn't you laugh through the whole movie? i did.	me too. that movie brought tears to my eyes.
me too. that movie brought tears to my eyes.	mine too.
mine too.	i have it on dvd at my house if you want to come over and watch it.
i have it on dvd at my house if you want to come over and watch it.	sure, let's go.
which movie is your favorite to watch?	i have to say, my favorite movie is superbad.
i have to say, my favorite movie is superbad.	is that right? why?
is that right? why?	honestly, it is one of the funniest movies i've seen in a long time.
honestly, it is one of the funniest movies i've seen in a long time.	you're right. that movie is hilarious.
you're right. that movie is hilarious.	i didn't think you saw that movie.
i didn't think you saw that movie.	i went to see it the day it came out.
i went to see it the day it came out.	i was laughing through the whole movie.
i was laughing through the whole movie.	i couldn't help laughing, either. 
i couldn't help laughing, either. 	same here.
same here.	i bought the movie. would you like to come to my house and watch it?
i bought the movie. would you like to come to my house and watch it?	of course.
out of every movie that you've seen, which one is your favorite?	i'm going to have to say that superbad is the best movie ever.
i'm going to have to say that superbad is the best movie ever.	you think so, how come?
you think so, how come?	well, superbad is super funny.
well, superbad is super funny.	you're not lying, i found that movie absolutely hilarious.
you're not lying, i found that movie absolutely hilarious.	i didn't know that you saw superbad before.
i didn't know that you saw superbad before.	i made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out.
i made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out.	i couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie.
i couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie.	i was laughing hysterically the whole time; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards.
i was laughing hysterically the whole time; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards.	that's exactly how i felt.
that's exactly how i felt.	i got the movie when it came out on dvd, do you want to come over?
what type of music do you like to listen to?	i like listening to different kinds of music.
i like listening to different kinds of music.	like what, for instance?
like what, for instance?	i enjoy rock and r&b.
i enjoy rock and r&b.	why is that?
why is that?	i like the different instruments that they use.
i like the different instruments that they use.	that's a good reason to like something.
that's a good reason to like something.	yeah, i think so too.
what kind of music do you enjoy listening to?	i enjoy listening to all kinds of music.
i enjoy listening to all kinds of music.	what kind?
what kind?	i like to listen to rock and r&b.
i like to listen to rock and r&b.	why do you like that type of music?
why do you like that type of music?	i like the kinds of instruments that they use.
i like the kinds of instruments that they use.	i think that's an excellent reason to like something.
i think that's an excellent reason to like something.	thanks, i feel the same way.
what is your favorite kind of music?	i listen to various types of music.
i listen to various types of music.	what genres?
what genres?	i enjoy listening to both rock and r&b.
i enjoy listening to both rock and r&b.	what interests you in that type of music?
what interests you in that type of music?	i enjoy the different types of instruments that they use.
i enjoy the different types of instruments that they use.	that is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music.
did you go to the basketball game on friday?	no, i couldn't make it.
no, i couldn't make it.	you missed a really good game.
you missed a really good game.	oh, really? who won?
oh, really? who won?	our school did. they played really well.
our school did. they played really well.	too bad i was busy. i really wanted to go.
too bad i was busy. i really wanted to go.	yeah, you should have. it was really exciting.
yeah, you should have. it was really exciting.	so what was the score?
so what was the score?	the score was 101-98.
the score was 101-98.	man, that was a really close game.
man, that was a really close game.	that's what made it so great.
that's what made it so great.	i'll make sure and make it to the next one.
were you able to attend friday night's basketball game?	i was unable to make it.
i was unable to make it.	you should have been there. it was intense.
you should have been there. it was intense.	is that right. who ended up winning?
is that right. who ended up winning?	our team was victorious.
our team was victorious.	i wish i was free that night. i'm kind of mad that i didn't go.
i wish i was free that night. i'm kind of mad that i didn't go.	it was a great game.
it was a great game.	what was the score at the end of the game?
what was the score at the end of the game?	our team won 101-98.
our team won 101-98.	sounds like it was a close game.
sounds like it was a close game.	that's the reason it was such a great game.
that's the reason it was such a great game.	the next game, i will definitely be there.
i was meaning to ask you if you saw the basketball game on friday.	i wanted to go, but i couldn't.
i wanted to go, but i couldn't.	it was a great game.
it was a great game.	it's too bad that i couldn't make it. who won?
it's too bad that i couldn't make it. who won?	our team played hard and won.
our team played hard and won.	i really wish i went to the game.
i really wish i went to the game.	it was the best game ever.
it was the best game ever.	so tell me the final score.
so tell me the final score.	the other team lost by three points, 101-98. 
the other team lost by three points, 101-98. 	it must've been a close game.
it must've been a close game.	it really was. you should've gone.
what are you doing this weekend?	i'm going to the movies with a friend. how about you?
i'm going to the movies with a friend. how about you?	i'm not sure yet.
i'm not sure yet.	well, did you want to go see a movie with me?
well, did you want to go see a movie with me?	what movie are you going to see?
what movie are you going to see?	i'm not sure yet. is there something you want to see?
i'm not sure yet. is there something you want to see?	there's nothing i can think of.
there's nothing i can think of.	so, did you want to go?
so, did you want to go?	no, thanks, maybe another time.
no, thanks, maybe another time.	okay, sounds good.
do you know what you're going to do this weekend?	i am going to see a movie with a friend of mine. what about you?
i am going to see a movie with a friend of mine. what about you?	i don't know.
i don't know.	would you like to see a movie with me and my friend?
would you like to see a movie with me and my friend?	do you know what movie you're going to watch?
do you know what movie you're going to watch?	i don't know, but was there a certain movie you wanted to see?
i don't know, but was there a certain movie you wanted to see?	none that i can think of.
none that i can think of.	well, would you like to go?
well, would you like to go?	thank you for inviting me, but i think i'll pass.
thank you for inviting me, but i think i'll pass.	all right. another time then.
you have any ideas as to what you want to do this weekend?	i'm going to the movie theater with my friend. what are you going to do?
i'm going to the movie theater with my friend. what are you going to do?	i'm not quite sure yet.
i'm not quite sure yet.	how about you see a movie with me and my friend?
how about you see a movie with me and my friend?	what movie are you and your friend planning on watching?
what movie are you and your friend planning on watching?	not sure. is there a movie out that catches your eye?
not sure. is there a movie out that catches your eye?	no good movies come to mind.
no good movies come to mind.	have you decided whether or not you would like to go?
have you decided whether or not you would like to go?	no, thanks. maybe another time.
did you go to school today?	yeah, i went to school today. were you there?
yeah, i went to school today. were you there?	no, i didn't go, i've been sick.
no, i didn't go, i've been sick.	that sucks. did you want the assignments from english class?
that sucks. did you want the assignments from english class?	that would be nice, thank you.
that would be nice, thank you.	no problem, you're welcome.
no problem, you're welcome.	i will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick.
i will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick.	well, thank you. i hope to see you at school tomorrow.
have you attended school today?	i attended school today. did you?
i attended school today. did you?	i wasn't able to attend school because i was feeling ill.
i wasn't able to attend school because i was feeling ill.	i'm sorry to hear that. would you like the assignments from english class?
i'm sorry to hear that. would you like the assignments from english class?	i would really appreciate that, thanks.
i would really appreciate that, thanks.	it's no trouble at all.
it's no trouble at all.	if you get sick, i'll return the favor.
if you get sick, i'll return the favor.	thanks. see you at school tomorrow if you feel better.
have you gone to school today?	i went to school today. did you go to school?
i went to school today. did you go to school?	i couldn't go to school today, i was sick.
i couldn't go to school today, i was sick.	that's horrible. i'd be happy to give you the assignments from english class.
that's horrible. i'd be happy to give you the assignments from english class.	thank you very much, that's kind of you.
thank you very much, that's kind of you.	don't mention it.
don't mention it.	when you miss a day of school, i'll be happy to give you the english assignments.
did you hear the news?	what happened?
what happened?	our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week.
our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week.	she did? why didn't anyone tell me?
she did? why didn't anyone tell me?	i would've thought that somebody would have told you.
i would've thought that somebody would have told you.	no, i had no idea.
no, i had no idea.	well, she did, her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.
well, she did, her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.	oh my god, that's great!
oh my god, that's great!	are you going to go and visit her and the baby?
are you going to go and visit her and the baby?	i think that i might.
i think that i might.	good! i just thought i'd let you know.
good! i just thought i'd let you know.	thanks for telling me.
have you heard what happened?	heard what?
heard what?	debrah already had her baby.
debrah already had her baby.	i didn't know that.
i didn't know that.	i thought you knew.
i thought you knew.	i honestly didn't know.
i honestly didn't know.	the baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.
the baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.	that's good to hear.
that's good to hear.	will you go and visit them?
will you go and visit them?	of course i will.
of course i will.	i just wanted to give you the good news.
i just wanted to give you the good news.	thanks for letting me know.
have you heard the news?	i haven't heard anything.
i haven't heard anything.	debrah had her baby last week.
debrah had her baby last week.	nobody told me.
nobody told me.	i thought you heard.
i thought you heard.	i really wasn't told anything.
i really wasn't told anything.	she was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces.
she was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces.	wow, how exciting.
wow, how exciting.	i know, you should really go and see her and the baby.
i know, you should really go and see her and the baby.	of course i will.
of course i will.	i just wanted to let you know what happened.
did you go to school today?	of course. did you?
of course. did you?	i didn't want to, so i didn't.
i didn't want to, so i didn't.	that's sad, but have you gone to the movies recently?
that's sad, but have you gone to the movies recently?	that's a switch.
that's a switch.	i'm serious, have you?
i'm serious, have you?	no, i haven't. why?
no, i haven't. why?	i really want to go to the movies this weekend.
i really want to go to the movies this weekend.	so go then.
so go then.	i really don't want to go by myself.
i really don't want to go by myself.	well anyway, do you plan on going to school tomorrow?
well anyway, do you plan on going to school tomorrow?	no, i think i'm going to go to the movies.
did you make it to school today?	i always do. did you go to school today?
i always do. did you go to school today?	no, i didn't.
no, i didn't.	you should have, but have you seen any movies lately?
you should have, but have you seen any movies lately?	that was an odd change of subject.
that was an odd change of subject.	maybe it was, but answer the question.
maybe it was, but answer the question.	no, not recently.
no, not recently.	i want to go to see a movie this weekend.
i want to go to see a movie this weekend.	what's stopping you then?
what's stopping you then?	i don't want to go alone.
i don't want to go alone.	so, will you be at school tomorrow?
so, will you be at school tomorrow?	no, i want to go to the movies instead.
did you even bother to go to school today?	yeah, i went. did you go?
yeah, i went. did you go?	no, i didn't feel like it.
no, i didn't feel like it.	that's nice, have you been to the movies lately?
that's nice, have you been to the movies lately?	no, but that was a random change of subject.
no, but that was a random change of subject.	it may have been random, but have you?
it may have been random, but have you?	i haven't lately.
i haven't lately.	i would love to catch a movie this weekend.
i would love to catch a movie this weekend.	so then, why don't you just go?
so then, why don't you just go?	i don't want to see a movie by myself.
i don't want to see a movie by myself.	okay, so are you going to school tomorrow?
thanks for coming to see me today.	it's no problem. i was really missing you anyway.
it's no problem. i was really missing you anyway.	i missed you too.
i missed you too.	why haven't you tried to come see me then?
why haven't you tried to come see me then?	i've been really busy.
i've been really busy.	doing what?
doing what?	working.
working.	i would've come to see you sooner, but i've been busy too.
i would've come to see you sooner, but i've been busy too.	what have you been doing?
what have you been doing?	i've been working too.
i've been working too.	well regardless, i'm very happy that you came to see me.
well regardless, i'm very happy that you came to see me.	i am too.
i'm really glad that you came to see me.	i had to. i was missing you a lot.
i had to. i was missing you a lot.	i was missing you too.
i was missing you too.	so, why haven't you visited me?
so, why haven't you visited me?	i've actually been busy lately.
i've actually been busy lately.	what have you been doing?
what have you been doing?	i've just been working really hard.
i've just been working really hard.	i've also been busy.
i've also been busy.	tell me what you've been doing.
tell me what you've been doing.	basically, i've been working too.
basically, i've been working too.	well whatever, i'm glad you came.
well whatever, i'm glad you came.	so am i.
i'm really happy that you came to visit me.	i really missed you a lot.
i really missed you a lot.	i've been missing you like crazy.
i've been missing you like crazy.	i don't understand why you haven't come to visit me.
i don't understand why you haven't come to visit me.	lately, i've been quite busy.
lately, i've been quite busy.	tell me what you've been up to.
tell me what you've been up to.	i've really been working a lot lately.
i've really been working a lot lately.	i've been pretty busy myself.
i've been pretty busy myself.	so what have you been up to?
so what have you been up to?	i've just been working a lot.
i've just been working a lot.	whatever the reason may be, i'm glad you visited me.
hey, did you hear about jessica's party this weekend?	yeah, but i'm still waiting for my invitation.
yeah, but i'm still waiting for my invitation.	oh really? she gave me mine earlier today.
oh really? she gave me mine earlier today.	well, she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today.
well, she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today.	yeah, so are you planning on going?
yeah, so are you planning on going?	i think so. it sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun.
i think so. it sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun.	it really does, i can't wait.
it really does, i can't wait.	what time does the party start?
what time does the party start?	it starts at 8 o'clock.
it starts at 8 o'clock.	oh, well, how many people has she given invites to so far?
oh, well, how many people has she given invites to so far?	i'm not sure, but i don't think she's given out that many.
i'm not sure, but i don't think she's given out that many.	well, hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today.
have you heard about jessica's party on saturday?	i've heard about it, but i'm still waiting for my invitation.
i've heard about it, but i'm still waiting for my invitation.	really? i got mine from her this morning.
really? i got mine from her this morning.	i'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow.
i'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow.	you're probably right, do you intend on going to the party?
you're probably right, do you intend on going to the party?	i want to. i heard it's going to be really fun.
i want to. i heard it's going to be really fun.	i know, it does sound pretty awesome.
i know, it does sound pretty awesome.	well, when does the party start?
well, when does the party start?	it's supposed to start at about eight.
it's supposed to start at about eight.	how many invitations has she given out?
how many invitations has she given out?	i really don't know, but i don't think she gave out that many yet.
i really don't know, but i don't think she gave out that many yet.	i really want to go, so i hope that she gives me my invite soon.
has anyone told you about jessica's party coming up?	i was told about it already. i'm just waiting for my invitation.
i was told about it already. i'm just waiting for my invitation.	is that right? i already got my invitation from her earlier.
is that right? i already got my invitation from her earlier.	i believe that she will give me the invitation today.
i believe that she will give me the invitation today.	are you even going to go?
are you even going to go?	yeah, it sounds like it's going to be the best party of the year.
yeah, it sounds like it's going to be the best party of the year.	exactly, it seems like it's going to be loads of fun.
exactly, it seems like it's going to be loads of fun.	when exactly does the party start?
when exactly does the party start?	the invitation says it starts at 8:00 p.m.
the invitation says it starts at 8:00 p.m.	has she given out a lot of invitations yet?
has she given out a lot of invitations yet?	i have no idea, she hasn't given out many though.
hey, what's up?	nothing really.
nothing really.	i'm throwing a party on friday.
i'm throwing a party on friday.	i didn't realize that.
i didn't realize that.	you didn't?
you didn't?	nobody has told me anything about your party.
nobody has told me anything about your party.	did you want to go?
did you want to go?	when does it start?
when does it start?	at 8:00 p.m.
at 8:00 p.m.	i'll be there.
i'll be there.	i'd better see you there.
i'd better see you there.	of course.
what's going on with you?	fine. what's going on with you?
fine. what's going on with you?	i'm having a party this friday.
i'm having a party this friday.	i had no idea.
i had no idea.	is that right?
is that right?	i didn't hear anything about it.
i didn't hear anything about it.	can you go?
can you go?	what time?
what time?	it starts at 8 o'clock.
it starts at 8 o'clock.	i'll go.
i'll go.	i hope that i'll see you there.
i hope that i'll see you there.	no doubt.
what's going on?	not much.
not much.	this friday, i'm throwing a party.
this friday, i'm throwing a party.	oh really? i didn't know that.
oh really? i didn't know that.	are you serious?
are you serious?	i haven't heard anything about it.
i haven't heard anything about it.	can you make it?
can you make it?	what time does it start?
what time does it start?	the party starts at 8.
the party starts at 8.	yeah, i think i'll go.
yeah, i think i'll go.	am i going to see you there?
what's going on?	nothing really, you?
nothing really, you?	i'm throwing a party next saturday.
i'm throwing a party next saturday.	is that right?
is that right?	yeah, are you going to come?
yeah, are you going to come?	i'm sorry, i can't.
i'm sorry, i can't.	why not?
why not?	i don't really want to.
i don't really want to.	well, why don't you?
well, why don't you?	i hate going to parties.
i hate going to parties.	well, that's okay.
well, that's okay.	yeah, sorry.
what's up?	nothing, how about you?
nothing, how about you?	next saturday, i'm going to have a party.
next saturday, i'm going to have a party.	oh, really?
oh, really?	you are coming?
you are coming?	probably not.
probably not.	why is that?
why is that?	i don't feel like going.
i don't feel like going.	why not?
why not?	i really can't stand going to parties.
i really can't stand going to parties.	i understand, i guess.
i understand, i guess.	sorry about that.
what's happening?	not a lot, what about you?
not a lot, what about you?	i'm having a party next saturday.
i'm having a party next saturday.	that's nice.
that's nice.	are you going to be there?
are you going to be there?	i don't think so.
i don't think so.	is there a reason why?
is there a reason why?	i just really don't want to go.
i just really don't want to go.	how come?
how come?	i don't really like parties.
i don't really like parties.	i wish you would go, but that's okay.
what's up?	nothing much, what's going on?
nothing much, what's going on?	i'm having a party this friday.
i'm having a party this friday.	oh, really? that's nice.
oh, really? that's nice.	i wanted to see if you wanted to come.
i wanted to see if you wanted to come.	this friday? sorry, i already have plans.
this friday? sorry, i already have plans.	doing what?
doing what?	i'm going to dinner with my family.
i'm going to dinner with my family.	i really wanted you to come, but i understand.
i really wanted you to come, but i understand.	yeah, maybe next time.
yeah, maybe next time.	i'll hold you to that.
i'll hold you to that.	sounds like a plan.
hey, what's good with you?	not a lot. what about you?
not a lot. what about you?	i'm throwing a party on friday.
i'm throwing a party on friday.	that sounds like fun.
that sounds like fun.	do you think you can come?
do you think you can come?	i'm sorry. i'm already doing something this friday.
i'm sorry. i'm already doing something this friday.	what are you going to be doing?
what are you going to be doing?	my family and i are going to dinner.
my family and i are going to dinner.	i was hoping you would come.
i was hoping you would come.	i'll definitely try to make it the next time.
i'll definitely try to make it the next time.	i'd better see you there.
i'd better see you there.	all right. i'll see you next time.
what's going on?	nothing really. how about you?
nothing really. how about you?	a lot, like the party i'm having on friday.
a lot, like the party i'm having on friday.	well, that's cool.
well, that's cool.	will you be able to make it?
will you be able to make it?	i'm busy this friday. i'm sorry.
i'm busy this friday. i'm sorry.	what do you have to do?
what do you have to do?	i'm having dinner with my family
i'm having dinner with my family	maybe you can come next time.
maybe you can come next time.	i'll make sure and come to your next party.
i'll make sure and come to your next party.	i'll look for you at my next party.
it was nice talking to you.	why are you trying to rush me off the phone?
why are you trying to rush me off the phone?	i really have to go.
i really have to go.	why? i still wanted to talk to you.
why? i still wanted to talk to you.	i have things to do.
i have things to do.	like what?
like what?	don't be nosey.
don't be nosey.	i'm not. i just want to know.
i'm not. i just want to know.	well, it's really none of your business.
well, it's really none of your business.	that's harsh.
that's harsh.	i'm sorry, but i have to go.
i'm sorry, but i have to go.	fine.
i've enjoyed conversing with you.	is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast?
is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast?	i've got to go.
i've got to go.	i wasn't done talking to you.
i wasn't done talking to you.	i have to do some things, and besides, it's not polite to be nosey.
i have to do some things, and besides, it's not polite to be nosey.	i'm not being nosey. i'm just asking.
i'm not being nosey. i'm just asking.	i really don't think it's any of your business.
i really don't think it's any of your business.	that's not nice.
that's not nice.	i apologize, but i'm getting off the phone now.
i apologize, but i'm getting off the phone now.	okay.
i'll talk to you later.	what's the rush?
what's the rush?	i have to get off the phone now.
i have to get off the phone now.	i'm not ready to get off the phone with you.
i'm not ready to get off the phone with you.	there are other things i need to take care of.
there are other things i need to take care of.	what is it that you need to do? 
what is it that you need to do? 	please don't be nosey.
please don't be nosey.	i'm not being nosey, it's just a question.
i'm not being nosey, it's just a question.	you don't need to worry about that.
you don't need to worry about that.	that was mean to say.
that was mean to say.	i am very sorry, but i must go.
well, it was nice talking to you.	it was nice talking to you too.
it was nice talking to you too.	we should really hang out again.
we should really hang out again.	that would be fun.
that would be fun.	where do you want to go?
where do you want to go?	i think we should go out to eat.
i think we should go out to eat.	that sounds good.
that sounds good.	all right, so i'll see you then.
all right, so i'll see you then.	i'll call you later.
i'll call you later.	okay, i'll talk to you later then.
okay, i'll talk to you later then.	see you later.
see you later.	bye.
i enjoyed talking to you.	i enjoyed talking to you too.
i enjoyed talking to you too.	we should hang out some time.
we should hang out some time.	i think that would be nice.
i think that would be nice.	is there anything you would like to do next time?
is there anything you would like to do next time?	do you want to go out to eat?
do you want to go out to eat?	i'd like that.
i'd like that.	so i'll see you next time.
so i'll see you next time.	i'm going to call you soon. 
i'm going to call you soon. 	i'll talk to you later.
i'll talk to you later.	see you soon.
see you soon.	goodbye.
i had fun talking to you.	it was really nice talking to you also.
it was really nice talking to you also.	i think we should really do something sometime.
i think we should really do something sometime.	that should be loads of fun.
that should be loads of fun.	what do you want to do next time?
what do you want to do next time?	would you like to go to dinner or something?
would you like to go to dinner or something?	yeah, let's do that.
yeah, let's do that.	okay, until next time then.
okay, until next time then.	i'll call you so we can set that up.
i'll call you so we can set that up.	talk to you then.
talk to you then.	all right, see you.
where do you live?	i live in pasadena.
i live in pasadena.	where is pasadena?
where is pasadena?	it's in california.
it's in california.	is it in northern california?
is it in northern california?	no. it's in southern california.
no. it's in southern california.	is pasadena a big city?
is pasadena a big city?	it's pretty big.
it's pretty big.	how big is "pretty big"?
how big is "pretty big"?	it has about 140,000 people.
it has about 140,000 people.	how big is los angeles?
how big is los angeles?	it has about 3 million people.
do you have a car?	yes, i do.
yes, i do.	what kind of car do you have?
what kind of car do you have?	i have a honda.
i have a honda.	is it new?
is it new?	it was new in 2003.
it was new in 2003.	so, it's pretty old now.
so, it's pretty old now.	yes, it is. but it still looks good.
yes, it is. but it still looks good.	do you take good care of it?
do you take good care of it?	oh, yes. i wash it once a week.
oh, yes. i wash it once a week.	do you change the oil?
do you change the oil?	my mechanic changes the oil twice a year.
do you have a girlfriend?	no, i don't. do you?
no, i don't. do you?	i don't have a girlfriend, either.
i don't have a girlfriend, either.	why not?
why not?	i don't know. maybe i'm not rich enough.
i don't know. maybe i'm not rich enough.	girls like guys with money.
girls like guys with money.	they sure do.
they sure do.	they like guys with new cars.
they like guys with new cars.	i don't have money or a new car.
i don't have money or a new car.	me, neither.
me, neither.	but girls like guys who are funny.
but girls like guys who are funny.	maybe we should learn some good jokes.
where are you going?	i have to walk the dog.
i have to walk the dog.	what kind of dog do you have?
what kind of dog do you have?	i have a little poodle.
i have a little poodle.	poodles bark a lot.
poodles bark a lot.	they sure do.
they sure do.	they bark at everything.
they bark at everything.	they never shut up.
they never shut up.	why did you get a poodle?
why did you get a poodle?	it's my mom's dog.
it's my mom's dog.	so she likes poodles.
so she likes poodles.	she says they're good watchdogs.
can i borrow $5?	sure. why do you need it?
sure. why do you need it?	i want to buy lunch.
i want to buy lunch.	where's your money?
where's your money?	it's not in my wallet.
it's not in my wallet.	your wallet is empty?
your wallet is empty?	i don't have even one dollar in it.
i don't have even one dollar in it.	being broke is no fun.
being broke is no fun.	even if it's only for a short while.
even if it's only for a short while.	it's always good to have friends.
it's always good to have friends.	friends will lend you money when you're broke.
friends will lend you money when you're broke.	as long as you pay them back.
let's go to the beach.	that's a great idea.
that's a great idea.	we haven't been in a while.
we haven't been in a while.	we haven't been in a month.
we haven't been in a month.	the last time we went, you almost drowned.
the last time we went, you almost drowned.	no, i didn't.
no, i didn't.	then why did the lifeguard dive into the water?
then why did the lifeguard dive into the water?	i think he wanted to cool off.
i think he wanted to cool off.	he swam right up to you.
he swam right up to you.	and then he turned right around.
and then he turned right around.	maybe you're right.
maybe you're right.	maybe we should get going.
are you married?	no. i'm divorced.
no. i'm divorced.	when did you get divorced?
when did you get divorced?	i got divorced two years ago.
i got divorced two years ago.	why did you get divorced?
why did you get divorced?	my wife left me.
my wife left me.	why did she leave you?
why did she leave you?	she said she didn't love me anymore.
she said she didn't love me anymore.	wow! that's terrible.
wow! that's terrible.	yes, it was.
yes, it was.	why didn't she love you anymore?
why didn't she love you anymore?	she fell in love with my best friend.
i'm bored.	what's on tv?
what's on tv?	nothing.
nothing.	there must be something on tv!
there must be something on tv!	nothing that's interesting.
nothing that's interesting.	what about that new game show?
what about that new game show?	which one?
which one?	"deal or no deal"
"deal or no deal"	tell me you're joking.
tell me you're joking.	i love that show.
i love that show.	i watched it once. that was enough.
i watched it once. that was enough.	it's on right now. let's watch it together.
i like living here.	i agree. pasadena is a nice city.
i agree. pasadena is a nice city.	it's not too big.
it's not too big.	and it's not too small.
and it's not too small.	it has great weather all year long.
it has great weather all year long.	it has the rose parade.
it has the rose parade.	it has beautiful houses.
it has beautiful houses.	it has wonderful restaurants.
it has wonderful restaurants.	it has great schools.
it has great schools.	it's close to the mountains.
it's close to the mountains.	the people are friendly.
the people are friendly.	i'm not ever going to leave.
we need a new mattress.	what's the matter with this one?
what's the matter with this one?	it's not comfortable.
it's not comfortable.	it seems fine to me.
it seems fine to me.	i toss and turn all night.
i toss and turn all night.	you should stop drinking coffee.
you should stop drinking coffee.	look at these marks on my arms.
look at these marks on my arms.	what are they?
what are they?	they are bites.
they are bites.	did the cat bite you?
did the cat bite you?	no. the bedbugs in that mattress bit me.
no. the bedbugs in that mattress bit me.	okay. let's get a new mattress.
my laptop is so slow.	buy a new one.
buy a new one.	i would if i had the money.
i would if i had the money.	why is it so slow?
why is it so slow?	that's a good question.
that's a good question.	did you take it to a computer shop?
did you take it to a computer shop?	i would if i had the money.
i would if i had the money.	well, i guess you have to live with it.
well, i guess you have to live with it.	sometimes i want to throw it out the window.
sometimes i want to throw it out the window.	you don't want to do that.
you don't want to do that.	why not?
why not?	you might hit someone in the head.
what's for dinner?	i'm not sure.
i'm not sure.	how about a pizza?
how about a pizza?	you had pizza for lunch.
you had pizza for lunch.	but i love pizza.
but i love pizza.	everybody loves pizza.
everybody loves pizza.	so why can't i have pizza for dinner?
so why can't i have pizza for dinner?	because you need variety.
because you need variety.	what's "variety?
what's "variety?	different thingsnot the same thing all the time.
different thingsnot the same thing all the time.	you mean, like a pepperoni pizza instead of a cheese pizza?
you mean, like a pepperoni pizza instead of a cheese pizza?	no, i mean a salad instead of a pizza.
we need to save money.	why do we need to save money?
why do we need to save money?	because we need to buy a house.
because we need to buy a house.	but a house is so expensive.
but a house is so expensive.	that's why we need to save money.
that's why we need to save money.	how much do we need to save?
how much do we need to save?	we need to save enough for a down payment.
we need to save enough for a down payment.	how much is that?
how much is that?	that's about $30,000.
that's about $30,000.	thirty thousand dollars! that will take forever.
thirty thousand dollars! that will take forever.	not if we save every penny.
not if we save every penny.	okay. here's seven pennies.
the ocean is so big.	you can't see the end of it.
you can't see the end of it.	it goes on and on forever.
it goes on and on forever.	and it's deep, too.
and it's deep, too.	i think it's five miles deep.
i think it's five miles deep.	are there fish at the bottom?
are there fish at the bottom?	there are fish at the top and the bottom.
there are fish at the top and the bottom.	are there more fish or more people?
are there more fish or more people?	i think there are more fish.
i think there are more fish.	i hope so. i love to eat fish.
i'm upset with my mom.	why is that?
why is that?	i warned her about her new boyfriend. she didn't listen to me.
i warned her about her new boyfriend. she didn't listen to me.	what happened?
what happened?	i gave her $1,000 for her birthday. i told her to spend it on herself.
i gave her $1,000 for her birthday. i told her to spend it on herself.	that was very nice of you.
that was very nice of you.	i found out that she gave it to her new boyfriend.
i found out that she gave it to her new boyfriend.	why did she do that?
why did she do that?	he said he would buy her a nice ring.
he said he would buy her a nice ring.	what's wrong with that?
what's wrong with that?	he went to las vegas. he lost it all gambling.
he went to las vegas. he lost it all gambling.	i hope your mom broke up with him.
do animals talk to each other?	of course they talk to each other.
of course they talk to each other.	what do they talk about?
what do they talk about?	they talk about other animals.
they talk about other animals.	what else do they talk about?
what else do they talk about?	they talk about food and the weather.
they talk about food and the weather.	do they talk about us?
do they talk about us?	of course they talk about us.
of course they talk about us.	what do they say about us?
what do they say about us?	they say that we are funny-looking.
they say that we are funny-looking.	ha! we're not funny-looking; animals are funny-looking.
ha! we're not funny-looking; animals are funny-looking.	we're funny-looking because we wear clothes.
i have to clean the house.	yes, it's very dirty.
yes, it's very dirty.	you can help me.
you can help me.	why me?
why me?	because you helped make it dirty.
because you helped make it dirty.	what do you want me to do?
what do you want me to do?	i want you to clean the bathroom.
i want you to clean the bathroom.	oh, that's easy.
oh, that's easy.	clean the sink, the tub, the counter, and the toilet.
clean the sink, the tub, the counter, and the toilet.	that's a lot of work.
that's a lot of work.	tell me when you finish.
tell me when you finish.	i don't think so. you'll just give me more work.
you're watching too much tv.	what do you mean?
what do you mean?	i mean you're wasting your life.
i mean you're wasting your life.	i'm having fun.
i'm having fun.	you're sitting there with your mouth open.
you're sitting there with your mouth open.	who cares?
who cares?	i care. do something.
i care. do something.	okay. i did something.
okay. i did something.	what did you do?
what did you do?	i turned up the volume.
i turned up the volume.	that's not what i meant by "do something."
that's not what i meant by "do something."	will you do something? leave me alone.
did you write a letter to grandma?	yes, i did.
yes, i did.	did you tell her about school?
did you tell her about school?	i told her that school is fun.
i told her that school is fun.	did you put the letter in an envelope?
did you put the letter in an envelope?	yes, and i sealed the envelope.
yes, and i sealed the envelope.	did you put a stamp on the envelope?
did you put a stamp on the envelope?	i couldn't find any stamps.
i couldn't find any stamps.	they're in the kitchen drawer.
they're in the kitchen drawer.	okay. i just put a stamp on the envelope.
okay. i just put a stamp on the envelope.	give me the envelope, and i'll mail it for you.
give me the envelope, and i'll mail it for you.	when is grandma going to learn about e-mail?
why are you yawning?	i'm sleepy.
i'm sleepy.	why don't you go to bed?
why don't you go to bed?	i want to watch this tv show.
i want to watch this tv show.	maybe you should record it.
maybe you should record it.	the tape recorder is broken.
the tape recorder is broken.	then you should watch the rerun.
then you should watch the rerun.	why? i'm watching the original.
why? i'm watching the original.	but you'll be asleep in about one minute.
but you'll be asleep in about one minute.	i'm just yawning because the commercials are on.
i'm just yawning because the commercials are on.	okay. i'll tell you how the show ends.
okay. i'll tell you how the show ends.	zzz.
it's sunday.	so?
so?	you know what that means.
you know what that means.	i forgot.
i forgot.	sunday means we go to church.
sunday means we go to church.	oh, yeah.
oh, yeah.	put on a coat and tie.
put on a coat and tie.	why?
why?	to show respect to god and others.
to show respect to god and others.	i'm glad sunday is only once a week.
i'm glad sunday is only once a week.	i hope god didn't hear that.
i hope god didn't hear that.	he'll forgive me.
did you feed the cat?	i'll do that in a minute.
i'll do that in a minute.	the cat is meowing. he's hungry.
the cat is meowing. he's hungry.	okay. i'll feed him right now.
okay. i'll feed him right now.	you shouldn't make him wait.
you shouldn't make him wait.	i was doing my homework.
i was doing my homework.	the cat doesn't care about your homework.
the cat doesn't care about your homework.	the cat doesn't care about anything.
the cat doesn't care about anything.	that's the way cats are.
that's the way cats are.	all they think about is themselves.
all they think about is themselves.	maybe we should get rid of him.
maybe we should get rid of him.	of course not! he's family.
i hate shaving.	me too.
me too.	i just cut myself again.
i just cut myself again.	did you use a new blade?
did you use a new blade?	it doesn't matter. old blades cut, new blades cut.
it doesn't matter. old blades cut, new blades cut.	maybe you should use an electric shaver.
maybe you should use an electric shaver.	they make a lot of noise, but they don't give a close shave.
they make a lot of noise, but they don't give a close shave.	maybe you should stop shaving.
maybe you should stop shaving.	and grow a beard?
and grow a beard?	sure. why not?
sure. why not?	because food and other stuff sticks in my beard.
because food and other stuff sticks in my beard.	hmm. here's an idea. put cream on your face and have the cat lick it off.
excuse me.	yes?
yes?	are you reading this paper?
are you reading this paper?	oh, no. help yourself.
oh, no. help yourself.	i asked because the paper is sitting next to you.
i asked because the paper is sitting next to you.	thank you. that's polite of you to ask.
thank you. that's polite of you to ask.	some people would just pick it up.
some people would just pick it up.	yes, i know. some people are rude.
yes, i know. some people are rude.	i always try to be polite.
i always try to be polite.	so do i.
so do i.	the world needs more polite people like us.
the world needs more polite people like us.	i agree 100 percent.
mom, i want a puppy.	let me think about it.
let me think about it.	why do you have to think about it?
why do you have to think about it?	because a puppy costs money.
because a puppy costs money.	no, it doesn't. puppies are free.
no, it doesn't. puppies are free.	yes, but a puppy needs shots.
yes, but a puppy needs shots.	shots for what?
shots for what?	so it won't get sick. just like you get shots.
so it won't get sick. just like you get shots.	i hate shots.
i hate shots.	and a puppy eats food. food costs money.
and a puppy eats food. food costs money.	no problem. i'll give him food off my plate.
no problem. i'll give him food off my plate.	oh, no you don't. puppies don't eat vegetables.
look at all these kittens!	how many are there?
how many are there?	eight.
eight.	they're all so cute.
they're all so cute.	yes, but i can't keep them.
yes, but i can't keep them.	what are you going to do with them?
what are you going to do with them?	i'm going to give them away. do you want one?
i'm going to give them away. do you want one?	yes, i would love one.
yes, i would love one.	which one do you want?
which one do you want?	that one. the one that's all black.
that one. the one that's all black.	yes, i like that one, too.
yes, i like that one, too.	i'll call him blacky.
my parents go to church every sunday.	they trust in god.
they trust in god.	they hope they will go to heaven.
they hope they will go to heaven.	they probably will.
they probably will.	but no one knows for sure.
but no one knows for sure.	that's for sure.
that's for sure.	no one knows what happens after we die.
no one knows what happens after we die.	if we are good, we will be happy in heaven with god.
if we are good, we will be happy in heaven with god.	that's what many people believe.
that's what many people believe.	if we are bad, we will be unhappy forever in hell.
if we are bad, we will be unhappy forever in hell.	i don't want to go to hell.
i don't want to go to hell.	let's go to church with your parents on sunday.
my husband died.	i'm sorry for you.
i'm sorry for you.	thank you.
thank you.	when did he die?
when did he die?	a couple of months ago.
a couple of months ago.	you still miss him.
you still miss him.	yes, but i talk to him almost every day.
yes, but i talk to him almost every day.	when you go to church?
when you go to church?	no, when i call him on his cell phone.
no, when i call him on his cell phone.	what do you mean?
what do you mean?	i buried him with his cell phone.
i buried him with his cell phone.	what will you do when the battery dies?
today is friday the thirteenth.	that's a bad day.
that's a bad day.	it's supposed to be unlucky.
it's supposed to be unlucky.	you're supposed to stay home all day.
you're supposed to stay home all day.	that's what i do.
that's what i do.	my friend stayed in a hotel on friday the thirteenth.
my friend stayed in a hotel on friday the thirteenth.	that was a mistake.
that was a mistake.	he stayed on the thirteenth floor.
he stayed on the thirteenth floor.	what happened?
what happened?	someone stole his laptop.
someone stole his laptop.	he was asking for it.
he was asking for it.	he learned his lesson. he's home today.
do you really love me?	of course.
of course.	prove it.
prove it.	how can i prove it?
how can i prove it?	take me to dinner.
take me to dinner.	that's it? that's all i have to do?
that's it? that's all i have to do?	take me to a nice restaurant, not to mcdonald's.
take me to a nice restaurant, not to mcdonald's.	but a nice restaurant costs money.
but a nice restaurant costs money.	yes, and you have to make a reservation.
yes, and you have to make a reservation.	that's such a hassle.
that's such a hassle.	i knew you didn't love me.
i knew you didn't love me.	okay, okay! i'll make a reservation right now.
my parents are divorced.	so are mine.
so are mine.	why did your parents get divorced?
why did your parents get divorced?	my father found a new girlfriend.
my father found a new girlfriend.	that's too bad.
that's too bad.	my mother was hurt and angry.
my mother was hurt and angry.	she had good reason. what did she do?
she had good reason. what did she do?	she told him to drop his girlfriend.
she told him to drop his girlfriend.	what did your father do?
what did your father do?	he moved out of our house.
he moved out of our house.	i guess he really liked his new girlfriend.
i guess he really liked his new girlfriend.	yes, but she left him a year later.
my grandma's apartment smells funny.	so does mine.
so does mine.	i think it's an old people's smell.
i think it's an old people's smell.	really?
really?	yes. i think when you get old, you begin to smell.
yes. i think when you get old, you begin to smell.	like fruit that is too ripe?
like fruit that is too ripe?	yes, just like fruit that is too ripe.
yes, just like fruit that is too ripe.	but the smell is different.
but the smell is different.	yes, old people don't smell like fruit.
yes, old people don't smell like fruit.	no, they smell like a thrift shop.
no, they smell like a thrift shop.	yes, a thrift shop has that same smell.
yes, a thrift shop has that same smell.	yes, an old smell.
the price of stamps goes up and up.	i think stamps used to cost a penny.
i think stamps used to cost a penny.	that was a long time ago.
that was a long time ago.	it was before i was born.
it was before i was born.	now a stamp is 42 cents.
now a stamp is 42 cents.	but in may it will be 44 cents.
but in may it will be 44 cents.	have you ever lost a letter in the mail?
have you ever lost a letter in the mail?	no, i haven't.
no, i haven't.	neither have i.
neither have i.	so, they do a good job for the money.
so, they do a good job for the money.	yes, they do.
yes, they do.	maybe we shouldn't complain.
a button came off my shirt.	what are you going to do?
what are you going to do?	first, i have to find the button.
first, i have to find the button.	where did you lose it?
where did you lose it?	i have no idea.
i have no idea.	a button is hard to find. did you look in your pant cuffs?
a button is hard to find. did you look in your pant cuffs?	that's a good idea.
that's a good idea.	i found a button in my pant cuffs one time.
i found a button in my pant cuffs one time.	let me look. no, it's not there.
let me look. no, it's not there.	many shirts come with an extra button.
many shirts come with an extra button.	you're right. this one does have an extra button.
you're right. this one does have an extra button.	now all you have to do is sew it on.
i have to go to the bathroom.	you drink too much coffee.
you drink too much coffee.	but i love coffee.
but i love coffee.	well, it's your life.
well, it's your life.	you eat too much chocolate.
you eat too much chocolate.	i don't think so.
i don't think so.	have you looked in the mirror?
have you looked in the mirror?	do you think i'm getting fat?
do you think i'm getting fat?	i didn't say that.
i didn't say that.	what did you say?
what did you say?	i said i have to go to the bathroom.
i said i have to go to the bathroom.	that's what i thought you said.
did you do the laundry?	yes, i did.
yes, i did.	what did you wash?
what did you wash?	i washed the sheets and towels.
i washed the sheets and towels.	what about the pillowcases?
what about the pillowcases?	yes, i took them off the pillows and washed them.
yes, i took them off the pillows and washed them.	did you dry everything in the dryer?
did you dry everything in the dryer?	yes, i dried everything in the dryer.
yes, i dried everything in the dryer.	then what did you do?
then what did you do?	i folded all the towels.
i folded all the towels.	did you put the sheets on the beds?
did you put the sheets on the beds?	yes, and i put the pillowcases on the pillows.
do you listen to the radio?	i listen day and night.
i listen day and night.	what do you listen to?
what do you listen to?	mostly talk radio.
mostly talk radio.	what's that?
what's that?	people talk about current events.
people talk about current events.	what do they say?
what do they say?	they say they want change.
they say they want change.	what kind of change?
what kind of change?	they want tax cuts.
they want tax cuts.	why do they want tax cuts?
why do they want tax cuts?	because tax cuts will save them money.
mom, i'm hungry.	look in the fridge.
look in the fridge.	i'm looking. there's nothing to eat.
i'm looking. there's nothing to eat.	are you sure?
are you sure?	it's almost empty.
it's almost empty.	i went to the market yesterday.
i went to the market yesterday.	i don't see anything.
i don't see anything.	i bought lots of oranges and apples.
i bought lots of oranges and apples.	i don't want fruit. i want something tasty.
i don't want fruit. i want something tasty.	eat the fruit. it's good for you.
eat the fruit. it's good for you.	next time you go to the market, let me go with you.
next time you go to the market, let me go with you.	no, thank you. all you want to eat are hot dogs and candy bars.
what is there to eat?	i don't know. look in the fridge.
i don't know. look in the fridge.	i think i'll make a sandwich.
i think i'll make a sandwich.	what kind?
what kind?	a ham sandwich.
a ham sandwich.	the bread is in the cabinet.
the bread is in the cabinet.	where's the mustard?
where's the mustard?	it's in the fridge, i think.
it's in the fridge, i think.	oh, yes, here it is. do you want a sandwich?
oh, yes, here it is. do you want a sandwich?	yes, that sounds nice.
yes, that sounds nice.	how about some potato chips?
how about some potato chips?	yes. and a pickle, if we have any.
it's time for your bath, young lady.	but, mom, i'm not dirty.
but, mom, i'm not dirty.	you need a bath every day.
you need a bath every day.	why?
why?	because you don't want to smell bad.
because you don't want to smell bad.	i don't smell bad.
i don't smell bad.	that's what you think.
that's what you think.	if i smelled bad, i could smell me.
if i smelled bad, i could smell me.	i can smell you.
i can smell you.	i can smell you, too.
i can smell you, too.	that's my perfume.
that's my perfume.	when can i wear perfume?
something's wrong with my computer.	exactly what?
exactly what?	all i get is a black screen.
all i get is a black screen.	what's the matter?
what's the matter?	i think i know, because this happened before.
i think i know, because this happened before.	what happened before?
what happened before?	my hard drive crashed.
my hard drive crashed.	oh, no. that's bad news.
oh, no. that's bad news.	it sure is, but i'm going to call hp first, just to make sure.
it sure is, but i'm going to call hp first, just to make sure.	will you lose all your files?
will you lose all your files?	no, i always back up my files.
no, i always back up my files.	you're smart.
i called hp about my computer.	what did they say?
what did they say?	they said i need a new hard drive.
they said i need a new hard drive.	that's too bad. how much is a new one?
that's too bad. how much is a new one?	it's not too much, only about $85.
it's not too much, only about $85.	plus installation?
plus installation?	no, my hard drive is easy to remove and replace.
no, my hard drive is easy to remove and replace.	really?
really?	yes, it's just a couple of screws.
yes, it's just a couple of screws.	that's nice.
that's nice.	it's a lot better than paying someone $60.
it's a lot better than paying someone $60.	if my hard drive crashes, i'll just call you.
what's your email address?	it's bluedog123.
it's bluedog123.	bluedog123. are you sure that's all?
bluedog123. are you sure that's all?	yes.
yes.	no. that's incomplete.
no. that's incomplete.	what do you mean?
what do you mean?	what's your mailing address?
what's your mailing address?	456 cherry drive, pasadena, ca 91170.
456 cherry drive, pasadena, ca 91170.	that's correct.
that's correct.	so what's the problem?
so what's the problem?	bluedog123 is just the street. you have to give me the city, state, and zip code.
bluedog123 is just the street. you have to give me the city, state, and zip code.	oh, i get it. my email address is bluedog123@yahoo.com.
i'm going to take a nap.	you should unplug the phone.
you should unplug the phone.	that's a good idea.
that's a good idea.	do you want me to wake you in an hour?
do you want me to wake you in an hour?	no, thanks. just let me sleep until i wake up.
no, thanks. just let me sleep until i wake up.	i'll start dinner at 6:00.
i'll start dinner at 6:00.	okay. i think i'll be awake by then.
okay. i think i'll be awake by then.	if not, your nose will wake you up.
if not, your nose will wake you up.	you mean i will smell the food cooking?
you mean i will smell the food cooking?	you might even dream about dinner.
you might even dream about dinner.	i don't think i'm going to dream about anything. i'm really tired.
i don't think i'm going to dream about anything. i'm really tired.	have a nice nap.
that was a nice funeral.	yes, dad, it was.
yes, dad, it was.	the son gave a nice speech about his father.
the son gave a nice speech about his father.	it was long, too.
it was long, too.	i think it was about 45 minutes long.
i think it was about 45 minutes long.	but it went by fast. it was interesting.
but it went by fast. it was interesting.	i liked it.
i liked it.	i'll give you a speech like that, too.
i'll give you a speech like that, too.	do you think anyone will come to my funeral?
do you think anyone will come to my funeral?	of course.
of course.	i think only the family will be there.
i think only the family will be there.	you have lots of friends. they will be there, too!
yikes! what was that noise?	i had to blow my nose.
i had to blow my nose.	did you have to blow right next to the phone?
did you have to blow right next to the phone?	did you hear that?
did you hear that?	of course i heard that. i thought a plane had crashed into your house.
of course i heard that. i thought a plane had crashed into your house.	it wasn't that loud.
it wasn't that loud.	i will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
i will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.	okay. i'll take your word for it.
okay. i'll take your word for it.	i thought you had an elephant in your house.
i thought you had an elephant in your house.	you're funny.
you're funny.	what did you say? i think i've gone deaf.
what did you say? i think i've gone deaf.	i'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. i'll be right back.
i have lots of friends.	really? how many do you have?
really? how many do you have?	i don't know, maybe one hundred.
i don't know, maybe one hundred.	that is a lot of friends. do you have a best friend?
that is a lot of friends. do you have a best friend?	of course. i have lots of best friends.
of course. i have lots of best friends.	how many best friends do you have?
how many best friends do you have?	i think about twenty-five.
i think about twenty-five.	hmm. i have only one best friend.
hmm. i have only one best friend.	i feel sorry for you.
i feel sorry for you.	i have only a few friends.
i have only a few friends.	you must be lonely. i will share my friends with you.
you must be lonely. i will share my friends with you.	that's very nice of you.
don't you ever cheat on me.	why would i do that?
why would i do that?	because men like to cheat.
because men like to cheat.	some men do, but not me.
some men do, but not me.	i'm watching you.
i'm watching you.	i'm an open book. watch me all you want.
i'm an open book. watch me all you want.	if i catch you, you'll be sorry.
if i catch you, you'll be sorry.	you won't catch me, because i love you. i'm not a cheater.
you won't catch me, because i love you. i'm not a cheater.	i will poke your eyes out. 
i will poke your eyes out. 	i don't want any other woman.
i don't want any other woman.	i will chop your toes off, one by one.
i will chop your toes off, one by one.	honey, please. you're the only woman for me, forever. i swear it.
i hate to go outside.	me too.
me too.	why do you hate to go outside?
why do you hate to go outside?	i meet too many jerks.
i meet too many jerks.	i agree.
i agree.	this city is full of jerks.
this city is full of jerks.	rude people are everywhere.
rude people are everywhere.	but what can you do?
but what can you do?	you can yell at them.
you can yell at them.	and they will yell back at you.
and they will yell back at you.	yelling doesn't do any good.
yelling doesn't do any good.	no. the best thing to do is just stay home.
will you look at this form?	are you having problems with it?
are you having problems with it?	i don't understand some things.
i don't understand some things.	let me help you.
let me help you.	what does "mi" mean?
what does "mi" mean?	"mi" stands for middle initial.
"mi" stands for middle initial.	what does "mm/dd/yy" mean?
what does "mm/dd/yy" mean?	that means month/day/year. use numbers.
that means month/day/year. use numbers.	i don't understand.
i don't understand.	for example, if your birth date is january 12, 1987, write 01/12/87.
for example, if your birth date is january 12, 1987, write 01/12/87.	oh. that's simple enough.
oh. that's simple enough.	always print clearly, and fill in the bubbles completely.
let's go to the animal shelter.	what do you want to do?
what do you want to do?	i want to get a puppy for my son.
i want to get a puppy for my son.	that will make him so happy.
that will make him so happy.	i'll get him one of those little dogs.
i'll get him one of those little dogs.	one that won't grow up too big.
one that won't grow up too big.	and eat too much.
and eat too much.	do you know which one he would like?
do you know which one he would like?	oh, yes, i took him there yesterday. he showed me one that he really liked.
oh, yes, i took him there yesterday. he showed me one that he really liked.	i bet you had to drag him away.
i bet you had to drag him away.	he wanted to take it home yesterday.
he wanted to take it home yesterday.	i wonder what he'll name it.
what's the weather like?	i don't know. i just woke up.
i don't know. i just woke up.	why don't you look outside?
why don't you look outside?	okay. it looks like rain.
okay. it looks like rain.	why do you say that?
why do you say that?	the sky is gray.
the sky is gray.	is it raining right now?
is it raining right now?	no.
no.	how do you know?
how do you know?	the street isn't wet.
the street isn't wet.	i have to go shopping today.
i have to go shopping today.	you'd better take an umbrella.
i can't believe how hot it is.	it's not even noon yet.
it's not even noon yet.	that means it will get hotter.
that means it will get hotter.	i am dying from the heat.
i am dying from the heat.	turn on the air conditioner.
turn on the air conditioner.	it doesn't work.
it doesn't work.	what happened?
what happened?	i don't know.
i don't know.	did you call the repairman?
did you call the repairman?	of course.
of course.	when is he coming?
when is he coming?	he's busy. he said next week.
i'll be glad when winter comes.	why is that?
why is that?	because i love the snow.
because i love the snow.	yes, the snow is fun.
yes, the snow is fun.	last year we made a big snowman.
last year we made a big snowman.	how big was it?
how big was it?	it was seven feet tall.
it was seven feet tall.	how long did it take?
how long did it take?	it took us all day.
it took us all day.	did you give him a nose?
did you give him a nose?	of course. we gave him a big carrot for a nose.
of course. we gave him a big carrot for a nose.	let me help you make one this year.
i'm going to the bank.	what do you need to do?
what do you need to do?	i need to withdraw some money.
i need to withdraw some money.	how are you going to do that?
how are you going to do that?	i'll just use the atm.
i'll just use the atm.	what's that?
what's that?	it's the automatic teller machine.
it's the automatic teller machine.	it gives you money?
it gives you money?	i just insert my debit card into the machine.
i just insert my debit card into the machine.	and it gives you money?
and it gives you money?	well, it gives me money, but it's my own money.
well, it gives me money, but it's my own money.	oh. what good is that? i thought it gave you free money.
did you put the blue bin out on the street?	oh, no. i forgot.
oh, no. i forgot.	well, you'd better take it out front.
well, you'd better take it out front.	what time does the recycle truck come by?
what time does the recycle truck come by?	it usually gets here at noon on tuesday, which is tomorrow.
it usually gets here at noon on tuesday, which is tomorrow.	i'll just take it out to the street tomorrow morning.
i'll just take it out to the street tomorrow morning.	oh, no, you don't.
oh, no, you don't.	what do you mean?
what do you mean?	every morning you get up late and rush off to work late.
every morning you get up late and rush off to work late.	do you think i'll forget to do it?
do you think i'll forget to do it?	you'll remember to do it, but you won't have time to do it.
you'll remember to do it, but you won't have time to do it.	okay, i'll take it out front right now.
are you ready?	ready for what?
ready for what?	ready for the big switch.
ready for the big switch.	what are you talking about?
what are you talking about?	the nation is switching to digital tv.
the nation is switching to digital tv.	oh. of course i'm ready.
oh. of course i'm ready.	did you buy the converter?
did you buy the converter?	no, i don't need a converter because i bought a digital tv.
no, i don't need a converter because i bought a digital tv.	how much was that?
how much was that?	it was only about $120 for a 13-inch screen.
it was only about $120 for a 13-inch screen.	does it pick up any digital channels?
does it pick up any digital channels?	oh, yes. i get six korean channels but nothing in english!
people are funny.	they sure are.
they sure are.	did you hear about the pilot?
did you hear about the pilot?	the one that stole a small plane?
the one that stole a small plane?	yes, he stole a plane in canada and flew into the u.s.
yes, he stole a plane in canada and flew into the u.s.	did they catch him?
did they catch him?	yes. after two u.s. fighter jets followed him for an hour, he landed on a highway.
yes. after two u.s. fighter jets followed him for an hour, he landed on a highway.	did he crash?
did he crash?	no, he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant.
no, he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant.	did the cops find out why he flew into the u.s.?
did the cops find out why he flew into the u.s.?	his life sucked. he was hoping a fighter jet would shoot him down.
his life sucked. he was hoping a fighter jet would shoot him down.	poor guy.
the police need our help finding a robber.	how do you know?
how do you know?	the tv news is reporting a bank robbery.
the tv news is reporting a bank robbery.	do they know what the robber looks like?
do they know what the robber looks like?	yes, he's 6 feet tall, 200 pounds, black hair, and about 30 years old.
yes, he's 6 feet tall, 200 pounds, black hair, and about 30 years old.	what race is he?
what race is he?	they didn't say.
they didn't say.	the tv news doesn't tell us the race anymore.
the tv news doesn't tell us the race anymore.	of course not. that would be racist.
of course not. that would be racist.	but how can we identify someone if we don't know their race?
but how can we identify someone if we don't know their race?	don't ask me.
don't ask me.	then they also shouldn't tell us if the robber is male or female, because that is sexist.
don't wipe your nose on your sleeve.	but i don't have a tissue.
but i don't have a tissue.	then go find a tissue in the bathroom.
then go find a tissue in the bathroom.	i didn't have time to get one from there.
i didn't have time to get one from there.	your sleeves are not tissues.
your sleeves are not tissues.	but mom, all my friends use their sleeves.
but mom, all my friends use their sleeves.	that doesn't make it right.
that doesn't make it right.	i saw dad wipe his nose on his sleeve yesterday.
i saw dad wipe his nose on his sleeve yesterday.	i will talk to your father about that.
i will talk to your father about that.	i bet dad did it all the time when he was my age.
i bet dad did it all the time when he was my age.	your daddy was a good little boy.
your daddy was a good little boy.	how do you know? were you his mommy, too?
i'm worried.	worried about what?
worried about what?	i'm getting married.
i'm getting married.	you should be happy, not worried.
you should be happy, not worried.	i am happy, but marriage is a lot of responsibility.
i am happy, but marriage is a lot of responsibility.	yes, you have to take care of your wife.
yes, you have to take care of your wife.	and i have to take care of our children.
and i have to take care of our children.	are you going to start a family?
are you going to start a family?	yes. we want to have a little boy and a little girl.
yes. we want to have a little boy and a little girl.	that sounds wonderful.
that sounds wonderful.	except we can't afford it!
except we can't afford it!	no wonder you're worried.
i don't get art.	or artists.
or artists.	they're in a different world.
they're in a different world.	i saw a painting of a jar that was full of pencils.
i saw a painting of a jar that was full of pencils.	the artist said the jar was both full and empty.
the artist said the jar was both full and empty.	but it was full of pencils! how could he say it was empty?
but it was full of pencils! how could he say it was empty?	artists see things differently.
artists see things differently.	did you ever see anything that picasso painted?
did you ever see anything that picasso painted?	of course! he's world famous.
of course! he's world famous.	did he ever take art lessons?
did he ever take art lessons?	i can't believe it. i drew paintings like that in third grade.
i can't believe it. i drew paintings like that in third grade.	where are they? maybe they are worth millions.
what's the point?	the point of what?
the point of what?	of living.
of living.	who knows? you live, and then you die.
who knows? you live, and then you die.	we must be here for some reason.
we must be here for some reason.	maybe we're here to have fun.
maybe we're here to have fun.	then why aren't i having fun?
then why aren't i having fun?	because you're thinking too much.
because you're thinking too much.	so i should stop thinking?
so i should stop thinking?	stop thinking about what the point is.
stop thinking about what the point is.	okay. i'll start thinking about having some fun.
okay. i'll start thinking about having some fun.	just be patient. fun doesn't come along every five minutes.
beer is a powerful drug.	so are cigarettes.
so are cigarettes.	which would you prefer?
which would you prefer?	what do you mean?
what do you mean?	when you die and go to heaven, they will offer you beer or cigarettes.
when you die and go to heaven, they will offer you beer or cigarettes.	i could pick only one or the other?
i could pick only one or the other?	yes. nothing's perfect, not even in heaven.
yes. nothing's perfect, not even in heaven.	boy, that's a tough one.
boy, that's a tough one.	what's so tough about it? of course, i would pick cigarettes.
what's so tough about it? of course, i would pick cigarettes.	but cigarettes taste much better when you have a cold beer.
but cigarettes taste much better when you have a cold beer.	well, you can't have everything.
well, you can't have everything.	i don't think i want to go to your heaven.
my pants have a hole in the front pocket.	you shouldn't carry pens in your pocket.
you shouldn't carry pens in your pocket.	yesterday a pen fell through my pants onto my shoe.
yesterday a pen fell through my pants onto my shoe.	lucky for you it wasn't a sharp knife.
lucky for you it wasn't a sharp knife.	who carries a sharp knife in their pocket?
who carries a sharp knife in their pocket?	criminals, of course.
criminals, of course.	anyway, i have to fix the hole.
anyway, i have to fix the hole.	you can sew it up or use an iron-on patch.
you can sew it up or use an iron-on patch.	tell me about this patch.
tell me about this patch.	the patch has glue. the hot iron melts the glue so the patch sticks on.
the patch has glue. the hot iron melts the glue so the patch sticks on.	that sounds a lot easier than sewing.
that sounds a lot easier than sewing.	it is. but after about ten washings, the glue washes off.
do you know any good jokes?	i can't remember jokes.
i can't remember jokes.	neither can i.
neither can i.	they go in one ear and out the other.
they go in one ear and out the other.	who makes up all these jokes?
who makes up all these jokes?	who knows? but there must be a hundred new ones every day.
who knows? but there must be a hundred new ones every day.	yes, just in english alone.
yes, just in english alone.	i wonder if every language has jokes.
i wonder if every language has jokes.	of course! people everywhere like good jokes.
of course! people everywhere like good jokes.	what do you think people joke about the most?
what do you think people joke about the most?	i think most jokes are about women.
i think most jokes are about women.	oh, really? i think most jokes are about men!
you're very lucky.	why do you say that?
why do you say that?	you speak two languages.
you speak two languages.	well, my english isn't perfect.
well, my english isn't perfect.	no one speaks perfect english.
no one speaks perfect english.	maybe i will be the first!
maybe i will be the first!	i've been thinking about learning spanish.
i've been thinking about learning spanish.	spanish is easy. i'll be happy to teach you.
spanish is easy. i'll be happy to teach you.	how long will it take me to learn?
how long will it take me to learn?	i think it will only take you a year or two.
i think it will only take you a year or two.	how soon can we begin?
how soon can we begin?	ahora! that means right now.
do you know what today is?	yes, it's april 22.
yes, it's april 22.	it's more than just a date.
it's more than just a date.	is it your birthday or anniversary?
is it your birthday or anniversary?	no, it's earth day.
no, it's earth day.	what's that?
what's that?	it's a yearly reminder to take care of our planet.
it's a yearly reminder to take care of our planet.	oh, you mean like reuse things and recycle stuff?
oh, you mean like reuse things and recycle stuff?	yes. we need to think green, save water, and stop using plastic bags.
yes. we need to think green, save water, and stop using plastic bags.	how about if i take shorter showers?
how about if i take shorter showers?	that's a good idea, because showers waste a lot of water.
that's a good idea, because showers waste a lot of water.	from now on i'll spend only 20 minutes in the shower.
poetry sucks.	i don't know anyone who likes it.
i don't know anyone who likes it.	some of it is okay, i guess.
some of it is okay, i guess.	yes, the poems that rhyme and are easy to remember.
yes, the poems that rhyme and are easy to remember.	like "one, two, buckle my shoe."
like "one, two, buckle my shoe."	but people still write poems.
but people still write poems.	no one makes any money at it.
no one makes any money at it.	shakespeare was a poet.
shakespeare was a poet.	did he get rich from his poetry?
did he get rich from his poetry?	probably not.
probably not.	poems are a little bit like songs.
poems are a little bit like songs.	yes, but songs have music. without music, songs would suck, too.
how smart are you?	i don't know. i think i'm average.
i don't know. i think i'm average.	did you ever take an iq test?
did you ever take an iq test?	no, i never did. all i know is that i got a's and b's in school.
no, i never did. all i know is that i got a's and b's in school.	i wish i was really smart.
i wish i was really smart.	don't be ridiculous.
don't be ridiculous.	what do you mean?
what do you mean?	if you're going to make a wish, wish that you were really rich or famous.
if you're going to make a wish, wish that you were really rich or famous.	don't you ever wonder what it's like to be super-smart?
don't you ever wonder what it's like to be super-smart?	it must be very lonely.
it must be very lonely.	why's that?
why's that?	because if you're super-smart, no one understands what you're saying.
i missed the tv news last night. what was on?	nothing that would pass as news.
nothing that would pass as news.	what's the weather going to be like this weekend?
what's the weather going to be like this weekend?	i don't know. whenever the weather comes on, i switch channels.
i don't know. whenever the weather comes on, i switch channels.	what was the lead story on the news?
what was the lead story on the news?	some actress was in court for driving without a license.
some actress was in court for driving without a license.	what was the second story?
what was the second story?	some actor married a woman young enough to be his daughter.
some actor married a woman young enough to be his daughter.	what was the third story?
what was the third story?	a bull chased a man in a supermarket.
a bull chased a man in a supermarket.	wasn't there anything about octo-mom?
wasn't there anything about octo-mom?	of course. she's going to hire a nanny for her eight infants.
what are you going to do about your death?	well, mostly i'll try to avoid it.
well, mostly i'll try to avoid it.	i mean, are you going to get buried or cremated?
i mean, are you going to get buried or cremated?	my wife and i will be cremated.
my wife and i will be cremated.	are you going to be buried next to each other?
are you going to be buried next to each other?	oh, no. our ashes will be shaken into the ocean.
oh, no. our ashes will be shaken into the ocean.	you're not going to be buried?
you're not going to be buried?	a coffin costs too much and takes up too much space.
a coffin costs too much and takes up too much space.	yes, but it will be in a cemetery where your children can visit you.
yes, but it will be in a cemetery where your children can visit you.	children seldom visit their parents in a cemetery.
children seldom visit their parents in a cemetery.	that's true. a cemetery is for dead people, not living people.
that's true. a cemetery is for dead people, not living people.	we figure our kids can visit us whenever they go to the beach.
did you wipe your feet? 	yes, of course i wiped my feet.
yes, of course i wiped my feet.	then why is there mud on the carpet?
then why is there mud on the carpet?	i don't know. it's not my mud.
i don't know. it's not my mud.	well, someone brought it into the house.
well, someone brought it into the house.	look at the bottom of my shoesthey're clean.
look at the bottom of my shoesthey're clean.	of course they're clean. you left all the mud on the carpet.
of course they're clean. you left all the mud on the carpet.	okay, i'll get the vacuum cleaner.
okay, i'll get the vacuum cleaner.	don't vacuum it now.
don't vacuum it now.	don't you want me to clean up the mud?
don't you want me to clean up the mud?	wait till it dries. it will be easier to vacuum.
wait till it dries. it will be easier to vacuum.	next time i will be more careful.
what are you getting for your mom?	what are you talking about?
what are you talking about?	sunday is mother's day.
sunday is mother's day.	this sunday?
this sunday?	of course. it's all over the news.
of course. it's all over the news.	i thought it was next sunday.
i thought it was next sunday.	well, you'd better get her something.
well, you'd better get her something.	i'll get her a nice card.
i'll get her a nice card.	is that it?
is that it?	yes. that's all i ever give her.
yes. that's all i ever give her.	she raised you, and all you ever give her is a card?
she raised you, and all you ever give her is a card?	it's okay. she knows that i love her.
i don't like our flag.	what's the matter with it?
what's the matter with it?	it's too much like other flags.
it's too much like other flags.	yes, a lot of flags have stripes.
yes, a lot of flags have stripes.	a flag should be pretty.
a flag should be pretty.	what should our flag look like?
what should our flag look like?	it should have a pretty woman on it.
it should have a pretty woman on it.	that's ridiculous!
that's ridiculous!	you don't like pretty women?
you don't like pretty women?	of course i do. but not on our flag!
of course i do. but not on our flag!	every nation should have a pretty woman on their flag.
every nation should have a pretty woman on their flag.	you can't go to war carrying a flag with a woman on it!
i had a busy morning.	what did you do?
what did you do?	i watered all the plants.
i watered all the plants.	you have a lot of plants.
you have a lot of plants.	then i did my laundry.
then i did my laundry.	that takes some time.
that takes some time.	i took the dog for a walk.
i took the dog for a walk.	i'll bet he enjoyed his walk.
i'll bet he enjoyed his walk.	i vacuumed the entire house.
i vacuumed the entire house.	that's a lot of work.
that's a lot of work.	and then i made lunch.
and then i made lunch.	i'll bet you were hungry!
i don't have long distance service with my home phone.	so how do you make long distance calls?
so how do you make long distance calls?	i use a calling card.
i use a calling card.	where do you get that?
where do you get that?	i buy it at the dollar store.
i buy it at the dollar store.	how much is it?
how much is it?	it's one dollar for 100 minutes.
it's one dollar for 100 minutes.	that's only a penny a minute!
that's only a penny a minute!	it's a great price. but you have to dial a lot of numbers.
it's a great price. but you have to dial a lot of numbers.	how many?
how many?	first you dial seven numbers, then ten numbers, then ten more numbers.
first you dial seven numbers, then ten numbers, then ten more numbers.	yikes. i think i'll keep my long distance service.
do you go to college?	yes, i do.
yes, i do.	what college do you go to?
what college do you go to?	i go to pasadena city college.
i go to pasadena city college.	do you like it?
do you like it
